MOVIE	TRIVIA	count_boring	count_interesting	count_veryInteresting
Aliens (film)	"While filming The Terminator, Cameron wrote 90 pages for Aliens, and although the script was not finished, Fox's new president Larry Gordon was impressed and told him that if The Terminator was a success, he would be able to direct Aliens."	0	3	2
Aliens (film)	"The Alien nest set was not dismantled after filming, and was reused in 1989 as the Axis Chemicals set for Batman."	0	3	2
Aliens (film)	"Sigourney Weaver received her first Academy Award nomination for Best Actress, and although she did not win, it was considered a landmark nomination for an actress to be considered for a science fiction/horror film, a genre which was given little recognition by the Academy in 1986."	0	3	2
Aliens (film)	"The film's worldwide total gross was $180 million, making Aliens one of the highest grossing R-rated films at the time."	0	4	1
Aliens (film)	"The movie was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including a Best Actress nomination for Sigourney Weaver, winning both Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects."	0	4	1
Aliens (film)	"Six weeks from theatrical release, no dubbing had taken place and the score had not been written, as Horner was unable to view the completed film."	0	4	1
Aliens (film)	"Due to budget limits, Cameron said he had to pay for the robotic arm used to cut into Ripley's shuttle in the opening scene."	1	2	2
Aliens (film)	The 'smart guns' carried by Vasquez and Drake were based on the German MG-42 machine gun and were maneuvered with Steadicam-like harnesses created using old motorcycle parts.	1	2	2
Aliens (film)	"Dancers, gymnasts, and stunt men were hired to portray the Aliens."	1	2	2
Aliens (film)	"To save on cost, only four hypersleep chambers were created and a mirror was used to create the illusion that there were twelve in the scene."	1	2	2
Aliens (film)	"The crew used many junk items in the set designs, such as Ripley's toilet, which came from a Boeing&#160;707."	0	5	0
Aliens (film)	"Various 8 feet (2.4&#160;m) tall mannequins were also created to make Aliens that stood in inhuman poses, and could have their bodies exploded to simulate gunshot wounds."	0	5	0
Aliens (film)	"After over 3,000 individuals in the United Kingdom were unsuccessfully auditioned, American actors were chosen instead, including three who had previously worked with Cameron on The Terminator: Lance Henriksen, Bill Paxton, and Michael Biehn."	0	5	0
Aliens (film)	Stan Winston's team created fully articulated Facehuggers that could move its fingers through wires hidden on the scenery or the actors' clothing.	0	5	0
Aliens (film)	"Aliens was nominated for seven Academy Awards including Best Music, Best Sound, Best Film Editing, and Best Art Direction/Set Decoration."	1	3	1
Aliens (film)	"The android character Bishop has been the subject of literary and philosophical analysis as a high-profile fictional android conforming to science fiction author Isaac Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics and as a model of a compliant, potentially self-aware machine."	1	3	1
Aliens (film)	"Instead of using hydraulics, the chambers were opened and closed by wires operated by puppeteers."	1	3	1
Aliens (film)	"The film was first made available on Blu-Ray in the 2010 box set Alien Anthology, before receiving a stand-alone release the following year."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	It won two awards for Sound Effects Editing and Visual Effects.	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"Brothers Robert and Dennis Skotak were hired to supervise the visual effects, having previously worked with Cameron on several Roger Corman movies."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"Time magazine featured the film on the cover of its July 28, 1986, issue, calling it the summer's scariest movie."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	The script was written with a war film tone influenced by the Vietnam War to contrast the horror motifs of the original Alien.	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"As Gale Hurd did not have much music production experience, she and Cameron denied Horner's request to push the film back four weeks so he could finish the score."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"Aside from the Alien Queen, designed by Cameron himself, the Aliens still took inspiration off H. R. Giger's designs for the original."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	Aliens received four BAFTA award nominations and won in the category of Visual Effects.	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"The crew found flamethrowers the most difficult weapon to create and use, as they were the heaviest and most dangerous."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"The one who walked towards Ripley had a mechanism akin to a pull toy, with pulleys that moved the fingers, and its jump combined three models shot separatedly: the walking Facehugger, a stationary model dangling on a table leg, and another model being pulled towards the camera."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"Weapons used by the space marines were based on real, fully functional weapons."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"Actors who played Marines were asked to read Starship Troopers and undergo military training, which included running, lifting weights, learning salutes, marches, deployments, and maneuvers, for two weeks."	1	4	0
Aliens (film)	"In North America, the film opened in 1,437 theaters with an average opening gross of $6,995 and a weekend gross of $10,052,042."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"The 'pulse rifles' were created from a Thompson SMG, with an attached forend of a Franchi SPAS-12 shotgun and a Remington 12 Gauge Model 870P receiver with barrel."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"Weaver nicknamed her role in the Alien sequel Rambolina, referring to John Rambo of the Rambo series, and stated that she approached the role as akin to the titular role in Henry&#160;V or women warriors in Chinese classical literature."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"With Cameron's persistence, Fox signed the contract and Weaver obtained a salary of $1 million, a sum 30 times what she was paid for the first film (and equivalent to $2,200,000 in present-day terms)."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"A walkout occurred when Cameron clashed with the original director of photography, Dick Bush, who refused to light a scene the way Cameron wanted."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"It won eight Saturn Awards in the categories of best science fiction film, actress (Sigourney Weaver), supporting actor (Bill Paxton), supporting actress (Jenette Goldstein), performance by a younger actor (Carrie Henn), direction (James Cameron), writing (James Cameron), and special effects (Stan Winston and the L.A. Effects Group)."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"Aliens was filmed on a budget of $18 million at Pinewood Studios in England, with production lasting ten months."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"One of the original designs for the spaceship Sulaco was spherical, but it was redesigned as the ship would be out of frame due to the film's aspect ratio."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"British Airways was re-equipping several of its aircraft tug tractors, and the crew managed to purchase a 635 hp Hunslet ATT  tug to use as the armored personnel carrier."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	"Aliens was the seventh highest-grossing film of 1986 in North America, and remains the largest income of the core Alien films in North America."	2	2	1
Aliens (film)	These scenes had been deleted from the original theatrical release as 20th Century Fox representatives thought the film was showing too much nothing and spent an unnecessary amount of time building suspense.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Philosopher Stephen Mulhall has remarked that the four Alien films represent an artistic rendering of the difficulties faced by the woman's voice to have itself heard in a masculinist society, as Ripley continually encounters males who try to silence her and to force her to submit to their desires."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Most of the Special Edition's footage was first seen when the film made its broadcast television debut on CBS in 1989, but two additional sequences concerning Burke's transmission to the colony about the derelict, and the Jorden family's subsequent discovery of the same, were added to the initial Laserdisc release."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"That year Brandywine picked Cameron to write after reading his script for The Terminator, and once that film became a hit in 1984, Fox greenlit Aliens, that would also be directed by Cameron, with a budget of approximately $18 million."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron opted to hire actors who had, or could imitate, American accents."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	It is the sequel to the 1979 film Alien and the second installment of the Alien franchise.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"The two parted ways until 1997 when Cameron, impressed with Horner's score for Braveheart, asked him to compose the score for Titanic."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Following the success of The Terminator, Cameron and producing partner Gale Anne Hurd were given approval to direct and produce the sequel to Alien, scheduled for a 1986 release."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron used these miniatures and several effects to make scenes look larger than they really were, including rear projection, mirrors, beam splitters, camera splits and foreground miniatures."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Filming the miniatures was difficult because of the weather; the wind would blow over the props, although it proved helpful to give the effect of weather on the planet."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	Cameron even declared that he spent production of The Terminator thinking on which elements of that film could make a good dry run for the Alien sequel.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	Some people have praised the technical excellence of Aliens.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Scenes involving the Alien queen were the most difficult to film, according to production staff."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Time magazine named Aliens in their Best of '86 list calling it a technically awesome blend of the horror, sci-fi and service-comedy genres."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Aliens is a 1986 American science-fiction action horror film written and directed by James Cameron, produced by his then-wife Gale Anne Hurd, and starring Sigourney Weaver, Carrie Henn, Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henriksen, William Hope, and Bill Paxton."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	A Special Edition of Aliens was released in 1992 on laserdisc and VHS that restored seventeen minutes of deleted footage.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	He refused on the grounds that Fox had indicated that Weaver had signed on when he began writing the script.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	Horner stated that tensions between himself and Cameron were so high during post-production that he assumed they would never work together again.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	Music composer James Horner felt he was not given enough time to create a musical score.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"The crew were admirers of Ridley Scott, and many believed Cameron to be too young and inexperienced to be directing a film such as Aliens, despite Cameron's attempts to show them his previous film, The Terminator, which had not yet been released in the UK."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"It initially weighed 70 short tons (64,000&#160;kg), and although the crew removed 35 short tons (32,000&#160;kg) of lead ballast, the power station floor had to be reinforced to support the weight."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"In a Rotten Tomatoes analysis of the top 100 science fiction films, Aliens ranks tenth among the best-reviewed films of the genre."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Two stages were used to construct the colony on LV-426, using miniature models that were on average six feet tall and three feet wide."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	Test and pre-screenings were unable to take place for Aliens due to the film not being completed until its week of release.	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Sigourney Weaver, William Hope, and Paul Reiser were absent from training because of other obligations, but Cameron felt that this suited their characters as outsiders in the film."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"While some claim that the shape of the Sulaco was based on a submarine, the design has most often been described as a gun in space resembling the rifles used in the movie."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Horner believed Cameron was preoccupied with sound effects, citing that Cameron spent two days with the sound engineer creating the sounds for the pulse rifles."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"In 2007, Entertainment Weekly named Aliens as the second-best action movie of all time, behind Die Hard."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"A scheduling conflict with actor Arnold Schwarzenegger caused filming of The Terminator to be delayed by nine months (as Schwarzenegger was filming Conan the Destroyer), allowing Cameron additional time to write a script for Aliens."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Based on 48 reviews, the film holds a Certified Fresh rating of 98% on Rotten Tomatoes with an average critic score of 8.8 out of 10."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"The attitude of the space marines was influenced by the Vietnam War; they are portrayed as cocky and confident of their inevitable victory, but when they find themselves facing a less technologically advanced but more determined enemy, the outcome is not what they expect."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron felt the dome was too fragile for the practical effects, and also felt that the cranium design was more visually interesting without it."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"While Sigourney Weaver was inside the power loadermodel, a stunt man standing behind it would move the arms and legs."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"The Alien suits were made more flexible and durable than the ones used in Alien, to expand on the creatures' movements and allow them to crawl and jump."	2	3	0
Aliens (film)	"Horner felt that, given more time, he could get the score to 100% of his satisfaction, rather than the 80% he estimated he had been able to achieve."	3	1	1
Aliens (film)	"Cameron, who was bound to a low budget with a release date set that he could not delay, found it difficult to adjust to working practices such as the regular tea breaks that brought production to a temporary halt."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Lockers, helicopter engines, and vending machines were used as set elements in the opening hypersleep scene."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Despite his troubles, Horner received an Academy Award nomination (his first) for Best Original Score."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"In a 2000 review, film critic James Berardinelli said When it comes to the logical marriage of action, adventure, and science fiction, few films are as effective or accomplished as Aliens."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"When the crew of Batman entered the set, they found most of it intact."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"While the producers and development executive Larry Wilson sought a writer for Alien&#160;II, Wilson came across James Cameron's screenplay for The Terminator, and passed the script to Giler feeling Cameron was apt for the job."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Both the theatrical version and the special edition were released again in 2003 as part of the Alien Quadrilogy DVD box set along with similar versions of Alien, Alien 3, and Alien Resurrection."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"NECA has released 7-inch figures based on characters such as Corporal Hicks, Private Hudson and Bishop."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The model could not stand on its own, requiring either wires dangling from the shoulders or a pole through the back attached to a crane."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	He visited the sets and editing rooms for three weeks and found that editor Ray Lovejoy was barely keeping up with the workload for reasons of time restrictions.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"20th Century Fox, however, refused to sign a contract with Weaver over a payment dispute and asked Cameron to write a story excluding Ellen Ripley."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The cameraman had lit the Alien nest set brightly, while Cameron insisted on his original vision of a dark, foreboding nest, relying on the lights from the Marines' armor."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	A life-sized mock-up was created by Stan Winston's company in the United States to see how it would operate.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"After four days Cameron produced an initial 45-page treatment, although the Fox management put the film on hiatus, as some disliked the pitch and they felt that Alien had not generated enough profit to warrant a sequel."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Others, such as Kile M. Ortigo of Emory University, agree with this interpretation and point to the Sulaco with its sterilized, white interior as representing this element in the second film of the franchise."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Horner arrived in England and expected the film to be locked so he could write the score in six weeks, which he thought was a sufficient amount of time."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"These additions include a segment showing Newt's family first encountering the derelict spacecraft on LV-426, Ripley learning that her daughter died during the years she was in hypersleep, a scene in the operations building in which the Marines use sentry guns against the Aliens, and several extended dialogue scenes between Ripley and the Marines."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"A fan of the original Alien, Cameron was interested in crafting a sequel and entered a self-imposed seclusion to brainstorm a concept for Alien&#160;II."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"During winter 2014, it was announced there would be multiple figures of Ripley, Sigourney Weaver’s character from the Alien films."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"However, Mulhall believes that Ripley's relationship with Hicks illustrates that Aliens is devoted&#160;... to the possibility of modes of masculinity that seek not to stifle but rather to accommodate the female voice, and modes of femininity that can acknowledge and incorporate something more or other of masculinity than our worst nightmares of it."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Production designer Peter Lamont was asked to reduce the cost of several scenes, including the not-yet-filmed space marine hypersleep sequence."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"In the meantime, Giler and partners Walter Hill and Gordon Carroll sued Fox regarding the disbursement of the Alien profits."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Paul Maxwell portrays Van Leuwen, the head of the review board that revokes Ripley's flight license, and Carl Toop portrays the Aliens and Alien Queen."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"It also holds a score of 87 out of 100 (universal acclaim) on the other major review aggregator, Metacritic."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	Reviews of the film have remained mostly positive over the years.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"A separate two-disc Special Collector's Edition DVD of Aliens was released on January 6, 2004, containing the same material as the two Aliens discs in the Quadrilogy set."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"At one point the crew members mocked Cameron's wife, producer Gale Anne Hurd, by asking her who the producer was and insisting that she was only getting producer's credit because she was married to the director."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The special edition was released as part of The Alien Legacy 20th Anniversary Edition DVD box set in 1999 along with Alien, Alien 3, and Alien Resurrection."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Author Roz Kaveney called the opening shot of the ship traveling through space fetishistic and shark-like, an image of brutal strength and ingenious efficiency—while the militarized interior of the Sulaco (designed by Ron Cobb) is contrasted to the organic interior of the Nostromo in the first movie (also designed by Cobb)."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"By the time the lawsuit was settled, in 1983, Fox had new executives that got interested in continuing Alien."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"It won eight Saturn Awards, including Best Science Fiction Film, Best Actress for Weaver and Best Direction and Best Writing for Cameron."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Eagerly anticipated by fans following the success of Alien, Aliens was released in North America on July 18, 1986, and August 29 in the United Kingdom."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Aliens was first released on VHS in 1987, finishing as the tenth best-selling title of the year."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"In a 1997 interview, Weaver stated that Aliens made the first Alien look like a cucumber sandwich."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Several movie academics, including Barbara Creed, have remarked on the color and lighting symbolism in the Alien franchise, which offsets white, strongly lit environments (spaceships, corporate offices) against darker, dirtier, corrupted settings (derelict alien ship, abandoned industrial facilities)."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Concept artists were asked to incorporate subliminal acknowledgments to the Vietnam War, which included designing the dropship as a combination of a F-4 Phantom&#160;II and AH-1 Cobra."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"After the cameraman was fired, Hurd managed to coax the crew members into coming back to work, and Adrian Biddle was hired as Bush's replacement."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The selection of Aliens for a Time cover was attributed to the successful reception of the film, as well as its novel example of a science fiction action heroine."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	Cameron showed Mead his own concept art and the final result was described as a rocket gun that carries stuff.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron drew inspiration for the Aliens story from the Vietnam War, a situation in which a technologically superior force was mired in a hostile foreign environment: Their training and technology are inappropriate for the specifics, and that can be seen as analogous to the inability of superior American firepower to conquer the unseen enemy in Vietnam: a lot of firepower and very little wisdom, and it didn't work."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Once the testing was complete, the crew working on the queen flew to England and began work creating the final version."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	British armorers used guns they found to be the most reliable when firing blanks and those which looked futuristic.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The only change was removing the translucent dome that gave the creature's head its sleek shape in Alien, exposing the ridged, spined cranium beneath."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Standing at 14 feet tall, it was operated using a mixture of puppeteers, control rods, hydraulics, cables, and a crane above to support it."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron listed Robert A. Heinlein's novel Starship Troopers as a major influence that lead to the incorporation of various themes and phrases, such as the terms the drop and bug hunt, as well as the cargo-loader exoskeleton."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	The score was recorded in roughly four days.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	The final cue for the scene in which Ripley battles the Alien queen was written overnight.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Sigourney Weaver, who played Ellen Ripley in Alien, had doubts about the project, but after meeting Cameron she expressed interest in revisiting her character."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"He also complained that he was given an outdated recording studio; the score was recorded with the London Symphony Orchestra at Abbey Road Studios, a 30-year-old studio that was barely able to patch in synthesizers or use the electronic equipment that Horner required."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Problems were encountered with rust and asbestos, however, and the crew was required to spend money to clean the asbestos."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron was enticed by the opportunity to create a new world and opted not to follow the same formula as Alien, but to create a worthy combat sequel focusing more on terror, less on horror."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"In 2004, Aliens was ranked 35th on Bravo's 100 Scariest Movie Moments for the scene in which Ripley and Newt are attacked by facehuggers; the original Alien was ranked second for the chestburster scene."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Some scenes of the Alien nest were shot at the decommissioned Acton Lane Power Station in Acton, London."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Giler then approached Cameron, who was completing pre-production of The Terminator."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"David Giler declared that back in 1979 Brandywine Productions were intent on immediately making a sequel to Alien, having the full support of 20th Century Fox president Alan Ladd, Jr.."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"IGN ranked it third in its Top 25 Action Films of All-Time, stating that there won't be an Alien movie as scary – or exciting – as this one made ever again."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	All sequences involving the full size queen were filmed in-camera with no post-production manipulation.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Additional content in these versions included an audio commentary for the special edition featuring director James Cameron, producer Gale Hurd, special effects artists and crew members."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Giler accused new president Norman Levy of being the one that held the film's production, but Levy would later declare that It was a movie I wanted to make, but he felt another Alien would prove too costly."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The film follows Weaver's character Ellen Ripley as she returns to the planet where her crew encountered the hostile Alien creature, this time accompanied by a unit of space marines."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"His portrayal has been studied by writers for the University of Texas Press for its implications relating to how humans deal with the presence of an Other, as Ripley treats them with fear and suspicion after the android Ash tried to kill her in the original Alien movie, and a form of hi-tech racism and android apartheid is present throughout the series."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	NECA's Reel Toys worked directly with actors from the Alien franchise to release realistic figures based on select characters they portrayed in the films.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Mulhall sees this depicted in several events in Aliens, particularly the inquest scene in which Ripley's explanation for the deaths and destruction of the Nostromo, as well as her attempts to warn the board members of the Alien danger, are met with officious disdain."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Practical effects supervisor John Richardson declared his biggest challenge was creating the forklift Power Loader exoskeletons, which required only three months of work and had Cameron complaining about visual details during construction."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Cameron completely reworked the scene, leaving Horner to rewrite the music."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Early concept art was created by Syd Mead, who had worked on Blade Runner, 2010 and Tron."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"It was filmed in England at Pinewood Studios and at a decommissioned power plant in Acton, London."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	Time reviewer Richard Schickel declared the film a sequel that exceeds its predecessor in the reach of its appeal while giving Weaver new emotional dimensions to explore.	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"Two puppeteers were inside the suit operating its arms, and sixteen were required to move it."	3	2	0
Aliens (film)	"The second disc included special features relating to pre-production, production, and post-production."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Once it was released in cinemas, critical reaction was generally positive to very positive."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	These black touches contrast or even attempt to take over the purity of the white elements.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	All currently available versions of the Special Edition contain these scenes.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Walter Goodman of The New York Times said it was a flaming, flashing, crashing, crackling blow-'em-up show that keeps you popping from your seat despite your better instincts and the basically conventional scare tactics."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Horner, however, discovered that filming and editing were still taking place, and he was unable to view the film."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Gale Hurd wanted to cut the scene altogether, but Lamont and Cameron felt it was important to the sequence of the film."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	The only Alien-related film to surpass it is 2012 prequel Prometheus.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"In 2013, NECA released the first wave of highly detailed human and alien action figures from the respective film."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"This is seen as part of a larger trend of technophobia in films prior to the 1990s, with Bishop's role being particularly significant as he proves his worth at the end of the film, thus confounding Ripley's expectations."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Production was affected by a number of personnel and cast disruptions.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"It was number one at the North American box office for four consecutive weeks, grossing $85.1 million."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Aliens is frequently considered one of the best action films ever released.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Cameron wanted the Marines to train together so that they would form bonds that would show on-screen.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Aliens Marines cast also features Jenette Goldstein as Private Vasquez (she received a Saturn Award for best supporting actress), Mark Rolston as Private Drake, Colette Hiller as Corporal Ferro, Daniel Kash as Private Spunkmeyer, Cynthia Dale Scott as Corporal Dietrich, the Marines' corpsman, Tip Tipping as Private Crowe, and Trevor Steedman as Private Wierzbowski."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Horner believed that Cameron's film schedules were too short and stressful.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Echoing Time's assessment, Dave Kehr of The Chicago Reader called the film one sequel that surpasses the original."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Critic Roger Ebert gave the film 3.5 stars out of 4 and called it painfully and unremittingly intense and a superb example of filmmaking craft.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Brandywine Productions was interested in a follow-up to Alien as soon as its 1979 release, but the new management at 20th Century Fox postponed those plans until 1983."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Aliens was a critical and commercial success, with positive reviews that considered it an entertaining film that despite the tonal shift still served as a worthy sequel to Alien, and grossed $180 million worldwide."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"NECA worked directly with Weaver to develop these action figures, which are the first to feature her actual likeness."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Gene Siskel gave the film a negative review, describing Aliens as one extremely violent, protracted attack on the senses and that toward the end, the film resorts to placing a young girl in jeopardy in a pathetic attempt to pander to who knows what audience."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"However, that year Ladd left amidst Fox's transition to new owners Marc Rich and Marvin Davis, and the new studio management had no interest in the sequel."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"He also stated when I walked out of the theater, there were knots in my stomach from the film's roller-coaster ride of violence."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"According to Cameron, the visual effects for the scene were incomplete, so he went back to the Skotak brothers and had them finish the sequences."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Giler pitched the project to one of the executives as a cross between Hill's Southern Comfort and The Magnificent Seven.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	The crew thought it was a perfect place to film because of its grilled walkways and numerous corridors.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	Austin Chronicle contributor Marjorie Baumgarten labeled the film in 2002 as a non-stop action fest.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Well, the Eiffel Tower is technically impressive, but I wouldn't want to watch it fall apart on people for two hours."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	David McIntee noted the homage the scene pays to the opening tour through the Nostromo in Alien.	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	The principal cast members of Aliens are:	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Additionally, a miniature alien queen was used for certain shots."	4	1	0
Aliens (film)	"Shooting was said to be problematic because of cultural clashes between Cameron and the British crew, with the crew having what actor Bill Paxton called a really indentured way of working."	5	0	0
Batman Begins	"The Batsuit's basic design was a neoprene undersuit, which was shaped by attaching molded cream latex sections."	0	4	1
Batman Begins	"The film is followed by The Dark Knight (2008) and The Dark Knight Rises (2012) in a continual story-arc, which has later been referred to as the The Dark Knight Trilogy."	0	4	1
Batman Begins	A common idea in the comics is that Bruce saw a Zorro film with his parents before they were murdered.	1	2	2
Batman Begins	"The writers considered having Harvey Dent in the film, but replaced him with the new character Rachel Dawes when they realized they couldn't do him justice."	1	2	2
Batman Begins	Dead bats were scanned to create digital models.	1	3	1
Batman Begins	Nolan used the 1982 cult science fiction film Blade Runner as a source of inspiration for Batman Begins.	1	3	1
Batman Begins	"The film, which was primarily shot in Iceland and Chicago, relied on traditional stunts and miniatures – computer-generated imagery was used minimally."	1	3	1
Batman Begins	"The film was awarded three Saturn Awards in 2006 as well: Best Fantasy Film, Best Actor for Christian Bale, and Best Writing for Nolan and Goyer."	1	3	1
Batman Begins	The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography and three BAFTA awards.	1	3	1
Batman Begins	"Hemming's team created the cape out of their own version of parachute nylon that had electrostatic flocking, a process shared with the team by the British Ministry of Defence."	1	3	1
Batman Begins	"Mentmore Towers was chosen from twenty different locations for Wayne Manor, as Nolan and Crowley liked its white floors, which gave the impression of the manor as a memorial to Wayne's parents."	1	3	1
Batman Begins	"It was released in more theaters, but sold fewer tickets than the other previous Batman movies, with the exception of Batman &amp; Robin."	1	4	0
Batman Begins	"Nolan's personal jumping off point of inspiration was The Man Who Falls, a short story by Denny O'Neil and Dick Giordano about Bruce's travels throughout the world."	1	4	0
Batman Begins	The Narrows was based on the slummish nature of the (now demolished) walled city of Kowloon in Hong Kong.	1	4	0
Batman Begins	"The bats were entirely digital (except in shots containing only one or two bats), as it was decided directing larger numbers of real bats on set would be problematic."	1	4	0
Batman Begins	The design and development process took nine months and cost several million dollars.	1	4	0
Batman Begins	Christian Bale was molded and sculpted prior to his physical training so the team could work on a full body cast.	2	2	1
Batman Begins	The professional drivers for the Tumblers practiced driving the vehicles for six months before they drove on the streets of Chicago for the film's scenes.	2	2	1
Batman Begins	"At his audition, Bale wore the bat suit (minus the cape which has been missing for some time) Val Kilmer donned for 1995's Batman Forever."	2	2	1
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins also broke the five-day opening record in the 55 IMAX theaters, grossing $3.16&#160;million."	2	2	1
Batman Begins	"Nolan felt the previous films were exercises in style rather than drama, and described his inspiration as being Richard Donner's 1978 film Superman, in its focus on depicting the character's growth."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The weather was problematic, with 75 miles per hour (121&#160;km/h) winds, rain, and a lack of snow."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"On the first jump test, the Tumbler's front end collapsed and had to be completely rebuilt."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"In January 2004, an airship hangar at Cardington, Bedfordshire was rented by Warner Bros during April  and, converted into a 900 feet (270&#160;m) sound stage, was where the slum-district of the Narrows and the feet of the monorails were filmed."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The cape was topped by a cowl, which was designed by Nolan, Hemming, and costume effects supervisor Graham Churchyard."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Comic book scribe and editor Dennis O'Neil stated that he felt the filmmakers really understood the character they were translating, citing this film as the best of the live-action Batman films."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"After a series of unsuccessful projects to resurrect Batman on screen following the critical failure and box office disappointment of Batman &amp; Robin (1997), Nolan and David S. Goyer began to work on the film in early 2003 and aimed for a darker and more realistic tone, with humanity and realism being the basis of the film."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The cockpit was over-sized to fit cameras for scenes filmed in the Tumbler interior.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Comic book writer and author Danny Fingeroth argues that a strong theme in the film is Bruce's search for a father figure, saying [Alfred is the good father that Bruce comes to depend on."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The crew built a village and the front doors to Ra's' temple, as well as a road to access the remote area."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The writers of Batman Begins also used Frank Miller's Year One plot device, which was about a corrupt police force that led to Gordon and Gotham City's need for Batman."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The DVD grossed $11.36&#160;million in rental revenue.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The film had brought in $167&#160;million in DVD sales by August 2006.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Nolan originally invited Zimmer to compose the music, and Zimmer asked Nolan if he could invite Howard to compose as well, as they had always planned a collaboration."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"As with all his films, Nolan refused a second unit; he did this in order to keep his vision consistent."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"However, Katie Holmes's performance was not well received, and she was nominated for a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actress."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Jack Gleeson, who previously co-starred with Bale in 2002's Reign of Fire and later found fame for his role as Joffrey Baratheon in the HBO series Game of Thrones, has a small role as a young boy who idolises Batman and is later saved by him before the final battle with Ra's al Ghul."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The process was used by the London police force to minimize night vision detection.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Director Christopher Nolan stated that the idea behind the film was a person who would confront his innermost fear and then attempt to become it.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Nolan worked with production designer Nathan Crowley to create the look of Gotham City.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The DVD of Batman Begins was released on October 18, 2005, in both single-disc and two-disc deluxe editions and also released on VHS and UMD Video formats."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The basic configuration of the newly designed Tumbler included a 5.7-liter Chevy V8 engine, a truck axle for the rear axle, front tires by Hoosier (which are actually dirt racing tires used on the right rear of open wheel sprint cars), 4 rear 44/18.5-16.5 Interco Super Swamper TSL tires (44 tall, 18.5 wide, mounted on a 16.5 wheel) and the suspension system of Baja racing trucks."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins achieved first place in national sales and rental charts in October 2005, becoming the top-selling DVD of the fourth quarter of 2005."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Batman Begins won the fan-based Total Film award for Best Film.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Polled moviegoers rated the film with an A, and according to the studio's surveys, Batman Begins was considered the best of all the Batman films."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	This miniature model had an electric motor and was used to show the Tumbler flying across ravines and between buildings.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The film received three nominations at the 59th British Academy Film Awards.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"He also attempted to add a human dimension to Batman, whose behavior would typically be seen as psychotic, through the music."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"For Batman Begins, Nolan preferred traditional stuntwork over computer-generated imagery."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Zimmer wanted to avoid writing music that had been done in earlier Batman films, so the score became an amalgamation of orchestra and electronic music."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Some scenes, including the Tumbler pursuit, were filmed in Chicago at locations such as Lower Wacker Drive and 35 East Wacker."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Following the scale model creation, a crew of over 30 people, including Crowley and engineers Chris Culvert and Annie Smith, carved a full-size replica of the Tumbler out of a large block of Styrofoam in two months."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the fictional DC Comics character Batman, co-written and directed by Christopher Nolan."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The film received critical acclaim and has been considered by many as one of the best superhero films ever made.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"The styrofoam model was used to create a steel test frame, which had to stand up to several standards: have a speed of over 100 miles per hour (160&#160;km/h), go from 0 to 60 miles per hour (97&#160;km/h) in 5 seconds, possess a steering system to make sharp turns at city corners, and withstand a self-propelled launch of up to 30 feet (9.1&#160;m)."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Filming began in March 2004 in the Vatnajökull glacier in Iceland (standing in for Bhutan).	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"In 2006, the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers honored James Newton Howard, Hans Zimmer, and Ramin Djawadi with an ASCAP award for composing a film that became one of the top grossing films of 2005."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Locations and sets were recreated on the computer so the flying bats would not be superfluous once incorporated into the finished film.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"It is the fourth-highest grossing Batman film, as of August 2012, behind Tim Burton's Batman, which grossed $411&#160;million worldwide and also being surpassed by its sequels The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises, both of which have grossed over $1&#160;billion."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	Crowley used the nose cone of a P-38 Lightning model to serve as the chassis for the Tumbler's turbine engine.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"In January 2003, Warner Bros. hired Memento director Christopher Nolan to direct an untitled Batman film, and David S. Goyer signed on to write the script two months later."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	The St Pancras railway station and the Abbey Mills Pumping Stations were used for Arkham's interiors.	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"Elements were drawn from New York City, Chicago, and Tokyo; the latter for its elevated freeways and monorails."	2	3	0
Batman Begins	"It grossed $48&#160;million in its opening weekend in North America, eventually grossing over $374&#160;million worldwide."	3	1	1
Batman Begins	"The film ranked at the top in its opening weekend, accumulating $48&#160;million, which was seen as strong but unimpressive by today's instantaneous blockbuster standards."	3	1	1
Batman Begins	"The visibility inside the vehicle was poor, so monitors were connected to cameras on the vehicle body."	3	1	1
Batman Begins	The interior of the Tumbler was an immobile studio set and not actually the interior of a street-capable Tumbler.	3	1	1
Batman Begins	"The building chosen to represent Arkham Asylum was the National Institute for Medical Research building in Mill Hill, northwest London, England."	3	1	1
Batman Begins	Batman Begins went on to gross $205&#160;million in North America and had a worldwide total of $373&#160;million.	3	1	1
Batman Begins	A shot Wally Pfister had planned to take using a crane had to be done with a handheld camera.	3	1	1
Batman Begins	"In May 2014, Empire ranked Batman Begins the 138th greatest film ever made on their list of The 301 Greatest Movies Of All Time as voted by the magazine's readers."	3	1	1
Batman Begins	"The film held its top spot for another weekend, accumulating $28&#160;million in a 43 percent drop from its first weekend."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The film reboots the Batman film series, telling the origin story of the character from Bruce Wayne's initial fear of bats, the death of his parents, his journey to become Batman, and his fight against Ra's al Ghul's plot to destroy Gotham City."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	University College London was used for courtrooms.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Roger Ebert, who gave mixed reviews to the previous films, and claimed in his review for Batman Returns that he did not believe noir worked in superhero films, wrote this was the Batman movie I've been waiting for; more correctly, this is the movie I did not realize I was waiting for."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The other version was the jet version, in which an actual jet engine was mounted onto the vehicle, fueled by six propane tanks."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The character was later portrayed by Aaron Eckhart in the 2008 sequel The Dark Knight.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Jones, from the Chicago Reader, criticized the script, and Nolan and David Goyer for not living up to the hype about exploring Batman's damaged psyche."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The last couple of years that has become acceptable and Nolan certainly got more to the root of what the Batman comics are about.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Zimmer enlisted a boy soprano to help reflect the music in some of the film's scenes where tragic memories of Bruce Wayne's parents are involved.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The goal was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Crowley started the process of designing the Tumbler for the film by model bashing.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	He screened Blade Runner to cinematographer Wally Pfister and two others to show the attitude and style that he wanted to draw from the film.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The theme of fear is intensified with the help of the musical score by Zimmer and Howard, which also eschews traditional heroic themes."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The theme of fear is further personified by the Scarecrow.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Other cast members include Mark Boone Junior as Gordon's corrupt partner Detective Arnold Flass; Larry Holden as district attorney Carl Finch; Colin McFarlane as Police commissioner Gillian B. Loeb; Christine Adams as Jessica, Lucius Fox's secretary; Linus Roache and Sara Stewart as Thomas and Martha Wayne, Bruce's parents; Richard Brake as Joe Chill, the Waynes' killer; Gerard Murphy as the corrupt High Court Judge Faden; Charles Edwards as a Wayne Enterprises executive; Tim Booth as Victor Zsasz; Rade Šerbedžija as a homeless man, who is the last person to meet Bruce when he leaves Gotham, and the first civilian to see Batman, and both Risteárd Cooper and Andrew Pleavin as uniformed policemen."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Crowley built a model of the city that filled Nolan's garage.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"When I did Batman twenty years ago, in 1988 or something, it was a different time in comic book movies."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Examples include Gotham's skyline, exterior shots of Wayne Tower, and some of the exterior monorail shots."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Orndorf noted that Bruce is a character constantly striving to do the right thing, not worn down by incessant reexamination."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 85% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 263 reviews, with an average score of 7.7/10, making the film a Certified Fresh on the website's rating system."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Previous film incarnations of the Batsuit had been stiff and especially restrictive of full head movement.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"It is for this reason Nolan believes other DC characters do not exist in the universe of his film; otherwise, Wayne's reasons for taking up costumed vigilantism would have been very different."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Los Angeles Times '​ Kenneth Turan, who felt the film began slowly, stated that the story, psychology and reality, not special effects, assisted the darkness behind Batman's arsenal; he noted that Neeson and Holmes, unlike Bale's ability to feel his role in his bones, do not appear to fit their respective characters in being both comic-book archetypes and real people."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 70, based on 41 reviews, which indicates generally favorable reviews."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Nolan explained that by ignoring that idea – which he stated is not found in Batman's first appearances – it emphasized the importance of bats to Bruce and that becoming a superhero is a wholly original idea on his part.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The film's five-day gross was $72.9&#160;million, beating Batman Forever (1995) as the franchise high."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"To avoid imperfections picked up by sculpting with clay, plastiline was used to smooth the surface."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"In addition, the film's Sergeant James Gordon was based on his comic book incarnation as seen in Year One."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Nolan described the film's world as an interesting lesson on the technique of exploring and describing a credible universe that doesn't appear to have any boundaries, a lesson that he applied to the production of Batman Begins."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Just months after its release, Batman Begins was voted by Empire readers as the 36th greatest film of all time."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The edition contained a small paperback booklet, the first Batman story, featured in Detective Comics No. 27, as well as Batman: The Man Who Falls and an excerpt from Batman: The Long Halloween."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The method is a self-defense system whose training is based on the study and cultivation of natural instincts.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"For the cape, director Christopher Nolan wanted to have a flowing cloak... that blows and flows as in so many great graphic novels."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The DVD held its position at the top of the sales chart for a second week, but fell to second place behind Bewitched on video rental charts."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"In addition, the team brewed different mixtures of foam to find the mixture that would be the most flexible, light, durable, and black."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The macabre, distorted images presented in the Scarecrow's toxin-induced hallucinations also express the idea of terror to an extreme."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"In addition, another version of the Tumbler was a miniature model that was 1:6 scale of the actual Tumbler."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Like Berardinelli, USA Today '​s Mike Clark thought Bale performed the role of Batman as well as he did Patrick Bateman in American Psycho, but that the relationship between Bruce Wayne and Rachel Dawes was frustratingly underdeveloped."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Churchyard explained the cowl had been designed to show a man who has angst, so his character would be revealed through the mask."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Critics noted that fear was a common motif throughout the film, and remarked that it had a darker tone compared with previous Batman films."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Both composers collaborated to create 2 hours and 20 minutes worth of music for the film, with Zimmer composing the action sequences and Howard focusing on the dramatic scenes."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The filmmakers intended to create a very mobile Batsuit that would allow the wearer to move easily to fight and crouch.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Batman: The Long Halloween, written by Jeph Loeb and drawn by Tim Sale, influenced Goyer in writing the screenplay, with the villain Carmine Falcone as one of many elements which were drawn from Halloween's sober, serious approach."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Authorities agreed to raise Franklin Street Bridge for a scene where access to the Narrows is closed.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins opened on June 17, 2005 in the United States and Canada in 3,858&#160;theaters, including 55 IMAX theaters."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The cowl was created to be thin enough to allow motion but thick enough to avoid wrinkling when Bale turned his head in the Batsuit.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Stephanie Zacharek felt Nolan did not deliver the emotional depth expected of one of the most soulful and tortured superheroes of all; she thought Bale, unlike Michael Keaton whom she compared him to, failed to connect with the audience underneath the mask, but that Gary Oldman succeeded in emotional complexity where the rest of the movie failed."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Nolan stated his intention to reinvent the film franchise of Batman by doing the origins story of the character, which is a story that's never been told before."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Crowley and Nolan designed it as a large, modern metropolitan area that would reflect the various periods of architecture that the city had gone through."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Nolan said that humanity and realism would be the basis of the origin film, and that the world of Batman is that of grounded reality."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Filmmakers, screenwriters and producers who have mentioned Batman Begins or The Dark Knight to describe their projects include: Jon Favreau and Iron Man, Edward Norton and The Incredible Hulk, McG and Terminator Salvation, (Alan Taylor also cited Batman Begins as inspiration for his Terminator reboot) Damon Lindelof and Star Trek, Star Trek Into Darkness, Robert Downey, Jr. and Sherlock Holmes, Lorenzo di Bonaventura and G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra, Hugh Jackman and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Matthew Vaughn and X-Men: First Class, Rupert Wyatt and Rise of the Planet of the Apes, Kevin Tancharoen and Mortal Kombat, Sam Mendes and Skyfall, Alex Kurtzman and Van Helsing, Andrew Kreisberg and Arrow, Gareth Edwards and Godzilla, Mark Wahlberg and The Roman, and Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton with a potential adaptation of God of War."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"In seeking inspiration from Superman and other blockbuster films of the late 1970s and early 1980s, Nolan based most of the production in England, specifically Shepperton Studios."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Also similar to Superman, Nolan wanted an all-star supporting cast for Batman Begins to lend a more epic feel and credibility to the story."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Zimmer and Howard began composing in Los Angeles and moved to London where they stayed for twelve weeks to complete most of their writing.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"A Limited Edition Giftset of the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on July 8, 2008, to coincide with The Dark Knight which hit theaters July 18, 2008."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Shawn Adler of MTV stated Batman Begins heralded a trend of darker genre films, that either retold back-stories or rebooted them altogether."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"There were, however, several establishing shots that were CG composite images; that is, an image composed of multiple images."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	The audience's demographic was 57 percent male and 54 percent people over the age of 25.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The latter presented a problem, since the process to make the foam black reduced the foam's durability."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"However, the actual Tumbler was used for the waterfall sequence."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"The two composers collaborated on separate themes for the split personality of Bruce Wayne and his alter ego, Batman."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Michael Wilmington of the Chicago Tribune believed Nolan and Goyer managed to comfortably mix the tormented drama and revenge motifs with light hearted gags and comic book allusions, and that Nolan takes the series out of the slam-bang Hollywood jokefests the franchise had drifted into."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Bruce's real father died before they could establish an adult relationship, and Liam Neeson's Ducard is stern and demanding, didactic and challenging, but not a father figure with any sympathy."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Kyle Smith thought Bale exhibited both the menace and the wit he showed in his brilliant turn in American Psycho, and that the film works so well because of the realism, stating, Batman starts stripping away each layer of Gotham crime only to discover a sicker and more monstrous evil beneath, his rancid city simultaneously invokes early '90s New York, when criminals frolicked to the tune of five murders a day; Serpico New York, when cops were for sale; and today, when psychos seek to kill us all at once rather than one by one."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Six models of the Tumbler were built to 1:12 scale in the course of four months.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"James Berardinelli applauded Nolan and Goyer's work in creating more understanding into who [Batman is and what motivates him, something Berardinelli felt Tim Burton's film had lacked; at the same time, Berardinelli felt the romantic aspect between Bale and Holmes did not work because the actors lacked the chemistry Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder (Superman), or Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst (Spider-Man) shared in their respective roles."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Fight choreography used the Keysi Fighting Method which itself gained fame after it was used in the movie Batman Begins and its sequel, The Dark Knight; however, the method was modified in the The Dark Knight Rises due to Batman's age and physical condition and in order to match Bane's fighting style."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Two of the four cars were specialized versions.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Batman Begins was both critically and commercially successful.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Allusions to fear are seen throughout, from Bruce's conquering of his demons, to becoming Batman, to the Scarecrow and his deadly fear toxin."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Scale models were used to represent the Narrows and Ra's al Ghul's temple.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Actors John Foo, Joey Ansah, Spencer Wilding, Dave Legeno, Khan Bonfils, Rodney Ryan, Dean Alexandrou, James Embree, David Bedella, Emil Martirossian, Mark Strange, Justin Miu and Chuen Tsou appear as members of the League of Shadows."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Blogger Mark Fisher states that Bruce's search for justice requires him to learn from a proper father figure, with Thomas Wayne and Ra's al Ghul being the two counterpoints."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"According to Total Film, Nolan manages to create such strong characters and story that the third-act action sequences cannot compare to the frisson of two people talking, and Katie Holmes and Christian Bale's romantic subplot has a spark refreshingly free of Peter Parker/Mary Jane-style whining."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Goyer used the vacancy of Bruce Wayne's multi-year absence presented in Batman: Year One to help set up some of the film's events in the transpiring years.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Costume designer Lindy Hemming and her crew worked on the Batsuit at an FX workshop codenamed Cape Town, a secured compound located at Shepperton Studios in London."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"One version was the flap version, which had hydraulics and flaps to detail the close-up shots where the vehicle propelled itself through the air."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Also contrary to previous Batman films, a psychological investigation of Bruce Wayne's split personality in the bat suit is only lightly touched upon."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins was released on HD DVD on October 10, 2006."	3	2	0
Batman Begins	Batman Begins was the eighth-highest grossing film of 2005 in the US.	3	2	0
Batman Begins	"Alfred provides a maternal figure of unconditional love, despite the overall lack of focus on a mother figure in Bruce's life."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	You couldn't go into that dark side of comics yet.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"The sequel to Halloween, Batman: Dark Victory, also served as an influence."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"It stars Christian Bale as Batman along with Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Gary Oldman, and Morgan Freeman."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Not the youngest kids obviously, I think what we've done is probably a bit intense for them but I certainly didn't want to exclude the sort of ten to 12-year olds, because as a kid I would have loved to have seen a movie like this."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Giving it four out of four stars, he commended the realistic portrayals of the Batman arsenal – the Batsuit, Batcave, Tumbler, and the Batsignal – as well as the focus on the story and character with less stress on high-tech action."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"In November 2008, Empire ranked Batman Begins 81 in its 500 Greatest Movies of All Time list."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	The score for Batman Begins was composed by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"He was unimpressed with the film, when comparing it to the two Tim Burton films, and that Christian Bale's presence was hindered by the dull earnestness of the screenplay, the final climax was cheesy and unexciting, and that Nolan had resorted to imitating the fakery used by other filmmakers when filming action sequences."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Because of this, nothing gory or bloody was filmed."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"If Bruce is anyone's son, he is Alfred's."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Fingeroth also argues that a major theme in the film is fear, which supports the story of Bruce Wayne becoming a hero."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"[Morgan Freeman's Lucius is cool and imperturbable, another steady anchor in Bruce's life."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"The film's ninety-piece orchestra was developed from members of various London orchestras, and Zimmer chose to use more than the normal number of cellos."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"[It will be a recognizable, contemporary reality against which an extraordinary heroic figure arises."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"It strays away from the lighter fare of Joel Schumacher's 1997 Batman film, Batman &amp; Robin, which contained camp one-liners throughout."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"It draws inspiration from classic comic book storylines such as The Man Who Falls, Batman: Year One, and Batman: The Long Halloween."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"The climactic monorail sequence mixed live action footage, model work, and CGI."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"In contrast, Salon.com's"	4	1	0
Batman Begins	Zimmer and Howard sought inspiration for shaping the score by visiting the Batman Begins sets.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	Christian Bale would go on to win an MTV Movie Award for Best Hero.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Wally Pfister was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 78th Academy Awards, receiving the film's only Academy Award nomination."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Examples he cited were Casino Royale, as well as the in-development RoboCop, Red Sonja, and Grayskull."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"In addition to the film, the deluxe edition contained featurettes and other bonus materials."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Due to the successful box office performance of The Dark Knight, the Batman Begins DVD has since seen an increase in both sales and rentals."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"The film opened on June 17, 2005, in the United States and Canada in 3,858&#160;theaters."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Despite the film's darkness, Nolan wanted to make the film appeal to a wide age range."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	Goyer said that the goal of the film was to get the audience to care for both Batman and Bruce Wayne.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"With the design process complete, four street-ready race cars were constructed, with each vehicle possessing 65 panels and costing $250,000 to build."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Batman Begins averaged $12,634 per theater in its opening weekend."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	The film depicts how fear can affect all creatures regardless of might.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	The early scene in Batman Begins of young Bruce Wayne falling into a well was adapted from The Man Who Falls.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"A Batcave set was built there and measured 250 feet (76&#160;m) long, 120 feet (37&#160;m) wide, and 40 feet (12&#160;m) high."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"He's singing a fairly pretty tune and then he gets stuck, it's like froze, arrested development, said Zimmer."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Production designer Nathan Crowley installed twelve pumps to create a waterfall with 12,000 imperial gallons (55,000&#160;l; 14,000&#160;US&#160;gal), and built rocks using molds of real caves."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"In contrast, J.R."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	Fingeroth referred to this film's depiction as the man with fear—but who rises above it.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	"Critic Brian Orndorf considered Batman Begins fierce and demonstrative in brood, giving the film an abundance of gravitas and energy."	4	1	0
Batman Begins	Film director Tim Burton felt Nolan captured the real spirit that these kind of movies are supposed to have nowadays.	4	1	0
Batman Begins	The New Yorker '​s David Denby did not share Berardinelli and Turan's opinion.	5	0	0
Batman Begins	"Additionally, the film was a success with audiences who, when polled by CinemaScore, awarded the film an A grade."	5	0	0
Elf (film)	Zooey Deschanel singing was not in the original script and Favreau added it when he learned she was a singer.	1	4	0
Elf (film)	The film was nominated for 9 awards and won 2.	2	2	1
Elf (film)	"Elf was not entirely shot in New York City; there are several scenes shot in Vancouver, at Coquitlam, British Columbia, at Riverview Hospital."	2	2	1
Elf (film)	Elf (stylized as elf) is a 2003 American Christmas comedy film directed by Jon Favreau and written by David Berenbaum.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	It is also available for the PlayStation Portable with Universal Media Disc.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	"The special was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and first aired on NBC on December 16, 2014."	2	3	0
Elf (film)	The soundtrack was certified Gold by the RIAA in April 2011.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	"The musical officially opened at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on November 10, 2010, after previews from November 2, 2010."	2	3	0
Elf (film)	The movie makes heavy use of forced perspective to make Buddy the Elf appear much larger than all the other elves.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	Elf: Buddy's Musical Christmas is an hour-long stop-motion animated musical television special based on the 2003 film Elf and the Broadway musical of the same name.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	The movie inspired the 2010 broadway musical Elf: The Musical and NBC's 2014 animated television special Elf: Buddy's Musical Christmas.	2	3	0
Elf (film)	"In the US it topped the box office on its second week of release, beating out Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World."	3	1	1
Elf (film)	"It was released in the United States on November 7, 2003 and grossed $220,443,451 worldwide."	3	1	1
Elf (film)	"Elf opened at number 2 at the US box office with $31.1 million, finishing behind The Matrix Revolutions, also in its first week."	3	1	1
Elf (film)	"The belch was real, as dubbed by voice actor Maurice LaMarche."	3	1	1
Elf (film)	"The film would go on to earn a total gross of over $220 million at the box office worldwide, greatly exceeding its production budget of $33 million."	3	1	1
Elf (film)	Asner also reprises his role as Santa.	3	2	0
Elf (film)	A Broadway musical based upon the film ran on Broadway during the 2010 Christmas season.	3	2	0
Elf (film)	A line of jack-in-the-box toys are heard emitting a hyena laugh sound effect that first appeared in Lady And The Tramp.	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"Buddy belches for twelve seconds, after drinking a 2 liter bottle of Coca-Cola."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"The score to the film, composed and conducted by John Debney and performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony, was released by Varese Sarabande."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"The cast included Sebastian Arcelus as Buddy, Amy Spanger as Jovie, Beth Leavel as Emily, Mark Jacoby as Walter, Matthew Gumley as Michael, Valerie Wright as Deb, Michael McCormick as Mr. Greenway, Michael Mandell as Store Manager, and George Wendt as Santa."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"Since its release, the film has joined the many holiday-themed films which air annually on television during the Christmas season."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"It was directed by Casey Nicholaw, with music by Matthew Sklar, lyrics by Chad Beguelin, and a book by Bob Martin and Thomas Meehan."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 84%, based on 178 reviews, with an average rating of 7/10."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"Elf is available on DVD, VHS, and Blu-ray, the latter of which was released on October 28, 2008."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"Apart from snow, most of the computer generated imagery (CGI) in the film was created by Rhythm &amp; Hues Studios."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"The story is about one of Santa's elves who learns of his true identity as a human and goes to New York City to meet his biological father, spreading Christmas cheer in a world of cynics as he goes."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	"Having sold 695,000 copies in the United States, it is the second best-selling film soundtrack/holiday album hybrid since Nielsen SoundScan started tracking music sales in 1991, behind only The Polar Express."	3	2	0
Elf (film)	In the UK it ranked #2 behind Love Actually.	4	0	1
Elf (film)	"The site's consensus reading, A movie full of Yuletide cheer, Elf is a spirited, good-natured family comedy, and it benefits greatly from Will Ferrell's funny and charming performance as one of Santa's biggest helpers."	4	1	0
Elf (film)	The soundtrack was released on New Line Records in November 2003 in the USA and in October 2005 in the UK.	4	1	0
Elf (film)	Roger Ebert gave the film 3/4 stars.	4	1	0
Elf (film)	"The musical ran through to January 2, 2011."	4	1	0
Elf (film)	The special uses songs from the Broadway musical.	4	1	0
Elf (film)	Stop motion animation was also used.	4	1	0
Elf (film)	"It stars Will Ferrell, James Caan, Bob Newhart, Ed Asner, and Zooey Deschanel."	4	1	0
Elf (film)	"It stars Jim Parsons as Buddy, along with Mark Hamill as Walter, Kate Micucci as Jovie, Rachel McFarlane as Emily, and Gilbert Gottfried as Mr. Greenway."	4	1	0
Elf (film)	"On Metacritic the film has a score of 64 out of 100, based on 38 critics, indicating generally favorable reviews."	4	1	0
Elf (film)	The film received positive reviews from critics.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The plane scene during which passengers die in mid-air was created inside a very large sound stage.	0	5	0
Final Destination (film)	"Sawa won the Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor the same year, and Larter won the Young Hollywood Award for a Breakthrough Performance by a Female."	1	3	1
Final Destination (film)	"For the death scenes, the crew used several lifecasts of the actors and chocolate syrup for fake blood."	1	3	1
Final Destination (film)	All death scenes were filmed using lifecasts of the actual actors.	1	3	1
Final Destination (film)	"According to visual effects supervisor Ariel Velasco Shaw, the miniature had to be launched about 40 feet up into the air to make it look like a real Boeing 747 exploded into a fireball."	1	3	1
Final Destination (film)	It received the Saturn Award for Best Horror Film and Best Performance by a Younger Actor for Sawa's performance.	1	3	1
Final Destination (film)	"Additionally, cinematographer Robert McLachlan was nominated for Best Cinematography in a Theatrical Feature at the Canadian Society of Cinematographers Awards in 2001, but lost to Pierre Gill for his work on The Art of War."	1	4	0
Final Destination (film)	Some DVDs contain two non DVD-ROM games—Death Clock and Psychic Test—in addition to the film's theatrical trailer and filmographies of the cast and crew.	1	4	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film remained at No. 3 during the second weekend, before dropping to No. 7 on its third weekend."	1	4	0
Final Destination (film)	"It was released on March 17, 2000, Final Destination and became a financial success, making $10 million on its opening weekend."	2	2	1
Final Destination (film)	"The second documentary, titled Premonitions, explores real-life intuitive investigator Pam Coronado, who has helped police solve many murders and missing person cases with her psychic abilities."	2	2	1
Final Destination (film)	"Filming took place in New York and Vancouver, with additional scenes filmed in Toronto and San Francisco."	2	2	1
Final Destination (film)	"While hiding out in a fortified cabin, Alex recalls switching seats with two girls in his premonition, meaning Clear is next."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"When I first read the script, the thing that struck me most was that the characters were well-written and the relationships between them were strong and believable, Detmer said."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"To achieve this mystique, Willet designed two versions of virtually every set—one version was used before the crash and the other sets were used for scenes after the jet explodes."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	One of the biggest misconceptions about the project is that it was based on the real-life disaster of TWA Flight 800 that occurred in 1996.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"On June 14, 2010, Nick Hyman of Metacritic included Final Destination in the website's editorial 15 Movies the Critics Got Wrong, noting that the elaborate suspense/action set pieces from the first two films are more impressive than most."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film's success spawned a media franchise, encompassing four installments, as well as a series of novels and comic books."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"With Final Destination cast, filming took place on Long Island for the plane scene and Vancouver Island for the additional scenes."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The screenplay was written by Glen Morgan, James Wong, and Jeffrey Reddick, based on a story by Reddick."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The model, one of the most detailed miniature scenes in the film, was about 10 feet long and 7 feet wide, and the landing gear was made from all machined metals."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	Scott was surprised when in the script his character was written as fat.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"She defined her part as that girl who has a lot of loss in her life and has fallen for herself, and had made a life within that."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	The featurette shows video footage of the test screening audience and specific comments regarding why the deleted scenes were either cut or reshot.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film's concept was listed at No. 46 in Bravo's 100 Greatest Scary Moments, in which Smith represented the film."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"For the airport, the crew used Vancouver International Airport as a stand-in for John F. Kennedy International Airport, the airport mentioned in the film."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"This leads to a handful of passengers being removed from the plane, including Alex, Carter, Alex's best friend Tod Waggner, Carter's girlfriend Terry Chaney, teacher Valerie Lewton and students Billy Hitchcock and Clear Rivers."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"We spent two months building this central set piece that weighs about 45,000 pounds and holds 89 people, special effects supervisor Terry Sonderhoff explained."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film premiered on March 17, 2000, in 2,587 theaters across the United States and Canada, earning $10,015,822 on its opening weekend, with an average of $3,871 per theater."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"One of the most important things we were looking for in casting was the actors' ability to play the subtleties – the little things that a character doesn't say or do that create the edge, the things that get under your skin and spook you, Morgan said about the auditions."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	The original idea was written by Jeffrey Reddick as a spec script for The X-Files in order to get a TV agent.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The car used for the crash was a replica of the original, severed in half prior to filming."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	Final Destination is a 2000 American horror film directed by James Wong and the first installment of the Final Destination series.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The Flight 180 explosion scene was included in the lists of best fictional plane crashes or disaster scenes by Break Studios, Unreality Magazine, New Movies.net,"	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	No official album accompanied the motion picture.	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"At the 2001 Blockbuster Entertainment Awards, both Sawa and Larter were nominated for Favorite Actor in Horror (Internet Only) and Favorite Actress in Horror (Internet Only), respectively."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The death scenes, the memorial, the forest scene and the scenes in Paris were all filmed in Victoria."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film started off as a spec script written by Reddick an episode of The X-Files, in order for Reddick to get a TV agent."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"However, six songs are featured in the film, the most prominent of which is Rocky Mountain High by John Denver, which is heavily highlighted throughout the film, reminding the survivors that Denver died in a plane crash."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"Final Destination placed at No. 3 in the United States box office on its opening weekend, behind biography film Erin Brockovich and the science fiction film Mission to Mars."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	"It was performed by a union orchestra, obliging New Line Cinema to grant the film its own score."	2	3	0
Final Destination (film)	Final Destination continuously dropped across subsequent weekends until it fell from the top-10 list on its eighth weekend.	3	1	1
Final Destination (film)	"The film had a major impact on the horror film audience, earning the Saturn Award for Best Horror Film in 2000."	3	1	1
Final Destination (film)	"Final Destination grossed $53,331,147 in the United States and Canada on its total screening, and earned $59,549,147 in other territories, earning an overall gross of $112,880,294 internationally."	3	1	1
Final Destination (film)	"He saves himself and a handful of other passengers, but Death, gradually takes the lives of those who should have perished on the plane."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The Main Title piece, used for the opening credits, was rare for opening a film aimed at a youth audience at the time."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Perry, a fan of The X-Files, claimed that he responded to Wong and Morgan's work for one specific reason: dread."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"What I've tried to do with the sets themselves, with their design and with various color choices, is to make things just a little unnatural, Willet explained."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Building on his idea, Reddick wrote script and got an agent, but never submitted the script to The X-Files after a colleague at New Line Cinema suggested he write it as a feature."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"While reminiscing on their ordeal, Alex brings up Death's list; explaining that he still hasn't been skipped."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Unfortunately, the cast members were filming other projects during production, so filming schedules had to be moved repeatedly in order for all of the cast to appear."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"On the other hand, Donella observed how similar his role was to himself."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Creating the Rube Goldberg effect for Ms. Lewton's death scene was the most difficult to plan according to the crew.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Seann William Scott, famous for portraying Steve Stifler in the 1999 film American Pie, was hired as class clown Billy Hitchcock."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times enjoyed the film and gave it three out of four stars, stating that Final Destination will no doubt be a hit and inspire the obligatory sequels."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film stars Devon Sawa, Ali Larter, Kerr Smith, and Tony Todd."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Walker said, [Morgan and Wong are great believers in melody and having music for the characters and situations they find themselves in."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Dawson's Creek star Kerr Smith was cast as jock Carter Horton.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Derek Germano of The Cinema Laser wrote that Walker's creepy musical score is really a winner, and is one of the things that will help to make Final Destination a minor genre classic a few years down the road."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Wong and Morgan initially wanted Walker to score the film after having previously worked with her on their sci-fi television series Space: Above and Beyond.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The first documentary entitled A Look at Test Screenings runs for 13 minutes and outlines the test screening process, giving an overview of how those screenings were conducted and scored."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The site's consensus of opinion is that despite a panel of X-Files alums at the helm and a promising premise, flighty performances and poor execution keep Final Destination from ever taking off."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Later, Wong and Morgan, The X-Files writing partners, became interested in the script and agreed to rewrite and direct the film, marking Wong's film directing debut."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The demise of Detmer's character entered the listings of the most shocking deaths on film of George Wales and Simon Kinnear of Total Film (No. 29 and No. 10, respectively), Simon Hill of Eat Horror (No. 10), and Dirk Sonningsen of Mania (No. 10)."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Additional scenes were filmed in Toronto and San Francisco.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Nonetheless, he is too late to save Ms. Lewton, whose house explodes after she is impaled by a kitchen knife."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Walker described her score as very theme-driven, conservative music that covers the range from bizarre animal noises with stronger visceral impact to stirring emotional music with well-defined melodies that evolve through the storytelling."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"According to Walker, Main Title consumed most of her time, due to its dark theme and counter melody which carries throughout the score."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Smith, who was a regular in Dawson's Creek, had to hold episodes for the film."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"On the skewed sets I force the perspective either vertically or horizontally, Willet explained."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"When Carter asks who's next, the sign suddenly swings back down towards Carter."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported 33% of critics gave the film positive write-ups based on 93 reviews, with an average rating of 4.7/10."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The DVD bonus features include three audio commentaries, three deleted scenes, and two documentaries."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Both Susan Wloszczyna of USA Today and Walter Addiego of the San Francisco Examiner thought it was stupid, silly and gory."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Luke Thompson of the Dallas Observer found it a waste of a decent premise; Ernest Hardy of LA Weekly said that the film fails because it takes itself both too seriously and not seriously enough.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Alex arrives in time to save Clear and grabs the wire, allowing her to escape from the car seconds before it explodes, leaving Alex incapacitated."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Despite the film's generally mixed reception, critics praised Sawa's performance as Alex. Holden of The New York Times commented that The disaster and Alex's premonitions set up a heavy-handed fable about death and teenage illusions of invulnerability."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Like the original Scream, this movie is too good to be the end of the road."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Devon has an every man quality that makes him accessible, Wong said."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Phoebe Flowers of Miami Herald felt the film stoops well below substituting style for substance, whereas Lisa Alspector of the Chicago Reader described the film as disturbing—if less sophisticated than the best SF (science fiction)-horror TV."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film holds a mixed/average score of 36 based on 28 reviews."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Mike Long of DVD Review said that Shirley Walker’s eerie score comes across powerfully with a wide spatial integration.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Sawa said that when [he read the script on a plane, [he found [himself peeking out the window at the engine every couple of minutes and [he went down and met Glen and Jim and [he thought they were amazing and already had some great ideas."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"New Line Cinema bought Jeffrey's treatment and hired him to write the original draft of the script, which featured Death as an unseen force."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"However, Morgan and Wong were undecided about casting him for the part, so they requested him to perform again as they reviewed his previous works."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"On the negative side, Stephen Holden of The New York Times said that even by the crude standards of teenage horror, Final Destination is dramatically flat."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Morgain said, The main thing they wanted about Death coming to get people is that you never saw a kind of a Michael Myers figure."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Frustrated over having no control over his life, Carter stalls his car on railroad tracks, wanting to die on his own terms."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"High school student Alex Browning boards Volée Airlines Flight 180 with his classmates and teachers for a field trip to Paris, France."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The first commentary features Wong, Morgan, Reddick, and editor James Coblentz describing the minute subtleties included by the creative team throughout the film, which either allude to death or foreshadow the deaths in the film invisible upon initial airing."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Both writers were willing to make it into a film, although they rewrote the script to comply with their standards."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The DVD release of the film, released on September 26, 2000, in the United States and Canada, includes commentaries, deleted scenes, and documentaries."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Seann William Scott, Brendan Fehr, Tony Todd, etc)..., while Leydon of Variety pointed out that Sawa is credible as the second-sighted Alex—unlike many other actors cast a teen protagonists, he actually looks like he might still be attending high school—but the supporting players are an uneven bunch."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"After watching a news report on the cause of the explosion, Alex concludes that the survivors are dying in the order they were meant to die on the plane and deduces that Ms. Lewton is next."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle praised the film, saying [it was playful and energized enough to keep an audience guessing."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Newcomers Amanda Detmer and Chad E. Donella were cast as students Terry Chaney and Tod Waggner, respectively."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"What a treat for me to get to write a piece that calls you into the movie and lets you know something bad is going to happen from the get go, Walker said."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Producers Craig Perry and Warren Zide from Zide/Perry Productions helped with the film's budget, because both were similarly fascinated about the idea of an invisible force executing its victims."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Lou Lumenick of the New York Post commented that the film's premise quickly deteriorates into a silly, badly acted slasher movie—minus the slasher."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"To film the explosion in detail, the crew used three cameras running 120 frames per second and one camera running 300 frames per second (if they had filmed using a real-time camera, the succession of the explosion would not be filmed in a particular order)."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"To serve the subtleties of the script and to help personify death, production designer John Willet developed the concept of skewing the sets."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"They encounter the rest of the survivors; and, when Carter provokes Alex, Terry storms off in frustration and is suddenly killed by a speeding bus."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Billy hysterically warns the others to stay away from Carter, when he is suddenly decapitated by flying shrapnel from the car wreckage."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"After the crash she comes unglued, probably more than any of the kids, and it's a quick, drastic change."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Chris Kaltenbach of The Baltimore Sun found the film fitfully thrilling, while Maitland McDonagh of TV Guide defined the film as serviceable enough, if you come to it with sufficiently modest expectations."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The score is mostly low-key, with the exception of the suspense and death scenes."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"When Alex leaves the table, Clear warns him of an oncoming bus, which swerves and crashes into a large neon sign, that swings off its hinges towards Alex. Carter pushes Alex out of the way, and Alex tells Carter that Death has skipped him."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Judge Harold Jervais of DVD Verdict wrote how [the sound effects, dialogue and Walker's wonderfully creepy and effective score are mixed together to form a very pleasing, almost organic-like whole."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Alex Browning, the last role cast, went to Canadian actor Devon Sawa, who previously starred in the 1999 film Idle Hands."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The survivors are interrogated by two FBI agents, who suspect that Alex had something to do with the explosion, despite there being no possibility."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	The train scene (in which Carter's car is smashed by the train) was one of the most difficult scenes to shoot.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"If blowing up a four-foot plane, the explosion must be a minimum of eight feet in the air."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The song is heard either before an accident or a character's demise, and is also played by a street performer (Alessandro Juliani) in French."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	The TV spec script for The X-Files was actually written in 1994.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"None of the passengers, except Clear, believe Alex about his vision until the airplane explodes on take-off, killing the remaining passengers onboard."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Deleted scenes cover two subplots of Alex and Clear, an alternate ending where Alex dies after rescuing Clear from the live wires, Clear bearing a baby which she names Alex, and Clear and Carter finishing as the only survivors of the film."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Providing itself some laughs and scares, Final Destination is a flawed but often entertaining teen horror flick."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Other songs featured in the film include Hundred Grand by Pete Atherton (during the Flight 180 memorial scene), Into the Void by Nine Inch Nails (during the café scene), All the Candles in the World by Jane Siberry (during Carter's car scene), and And When I Die by Joe 90 (during the end credits)."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Negative reviews described the film as dramatically flat and aimed at the teen dating crowd, while positive reviews praised the film for generating a respectable amount of suspense, playful and energized enough to keep an audience guessing, and an unexpectedly alert teen-scream disaster chiller."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"He's very loose and he's kind of a cut-up when he's not on camera, but the moment the camera's on, I'd never seen anybody to completely slide right through the moment."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Sawa restrained his appearance in The Guilty during production, and even commented that [he had to share a trailer with Bill Pullman because it was bigger and would make him look more famous."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"The next day, Alex and Clear discuss what the mortician said at a cafe; Alex believes that if they look out for omens they can cheat Death again, although Clear is skeptical."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Although Barbara Shulgasser of the Chicago Tribune said that it met the low standards of a mediocre TV movie, Desmond Ryan of the Philadelphia Inquirer commented that it was as full of terrible acting as it is devoid of suspense."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	A miniature model of the Boeing 747 airplane was created for the explosion scene.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"He rushes to her house to ensure her safety; but, thinking Alex is up to no good, Ms. Lewton calls the FBI agents, who take him in for questioning."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Additional cast members included Daniel Roebuck and Roger Guenveur Smith as FBI agents Agent Weine and Agent Schreck; Brendan Fehr, Christine Chatelain and Lisa Marie Caruk as students George Waggner, Blake Dreyer and Christa Marsh; Barbara Tyson and Robert Wisden as Barbara and Ken Browning, Alex' parents; and Forbes Angus as teacher Larry Murnau."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Alex manages to save him at the last minute, when his seat belt rips, just before Carter's car is smashed by an oncoming train."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Sawa said that the screams of the cast inside the gimbal made it appear more real.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	I was afraid we were gonna have 40 extras vomiting.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	The writers eventually changed it for Scott.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"According to Sonderhoff, in order to ensure the safety of the actors, they had to make sure that there was no real sheet metal in the car."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	Morgan initially wanted Todd for the role because he felt his deep voice would give the film an eerie tone.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	They also discuss how the film was made and how they fought the executives of New Line Cinema over various factors.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"He laughed at his role, saying that [he is lacking some social skills, he doesn't have quite a few friends, and he's like the tag-along."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"That's important, because you have to care about these people in order to be worried about what might happen to them."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	The film's score was conducted by Daytime Emmy Award-winning composer Shirley Walker.	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	"Perry said that it was very hard to generate an atmosphere of dread, to create suspense out of scenes that are common."	3	2	0
Final Destination (film)	He never submitted it to The X-files after a colleague at New Line Cinema persuaded him to write it as a feature length film.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Scott admired the film, and felt that it's [as dark and eerie as any Twilight Zone."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	He changes his mind at the last minute; but can't get out as his seat belt jams.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"And they liked that idea and they said, 'Okay."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"I think he might have been a dork, you know, doing their stuff and they had their own thing going and they're after the two beautiful girls in school, but there's no chance of that happening."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Wong said, You walk into the studio and there's a huge gimbal with a plane on top and you think, 'What have I done?'"	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	New Line Cinema accepted financing and distributing rights for the film after Reddick came to them personally.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Final Destination: The Complete Original Motion Picture Score was released on March 17, 2000."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The screen then cuts to black and a large smash is heard.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Kristen Cloke, Morgan's wife, was cast as teacher Valerie Lewton."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Detmer defined Terry as very put-together [and seems content to defer to [Carter – to not make waves.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"I remember saying to myself, 'Hey, he just died in a plane crash – that's a little weird.'"	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"During the discussion, Carter learns he is next on Death's list."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	You never saw a killer.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	But the stress of what happens affects their relationship and interestingly enough brings out a certain strength in her.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Cloke described her part as strong and sassy – in control.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The featurette runs for 20 minutes.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Six months later, Alex, Clear and Carter arrive in Paris to celebrate their survival."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The three-ton hydraulic gimbal was operated automatically.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	We want to do for planes and air travel what Jaws did for sharks and swimming.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"I thought, that’s creepy—what if she was supposed to die on that flight?"	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Before take-off, Alex has a premonition that the plane will suffer a catastrophic engine failure on take-off, causing the plane to explode in mid-air, and killing everyone on board."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Ali Larter, who starred in the 1999 film Varsity Blues, was cast as female lead Clear Rivers."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The plan behind the scenes was to create an intriguing visual signature.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The third commentary is the isolated music score of Walker included in the film's score.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Joe Leydon of Variety praised the film, saying [it generates a respectable amount of suspense and takes a few unexpected turns while covering familiar territory, while Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times said it was a terrific theatrical feature debut for television veterans Glen Morgan and James Wong."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"The Jetpacker, MaximOnline, and Filmsite.org."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	It's also about trusting your intuitions and yourself.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The film received mixed reviews from critics.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Tony Todd, who played Candyman in the 1992 film Candyman, was cast as mortician William Bludworth."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Both actors lost the awards to Scream 3 actors David Arquette and Neve Campbell.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"He and Clear sneak into the funeral home to glimpse at Tod's body, where they meet mortician William Bludworth."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Final Destination was released on DVD on September 26, 2000, in the United States and Canada."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Alex unsuccessfully attempts to convince the Agents of what is happening, but they decide to let him go."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Robert Cashill of Newsweek remarked that the film should be in video store bins, and Jay Carr of The Boston Globe commented that it starts by cheating death and ends by cheating us."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"After the events from his vision begin to repeat themselves in reality, he panics and attempts to stop the flight, causing a fight to break out between Alex and his rival Carter Horton."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	David Nusair of Reel Film Reviews remarked Sawa's personable turn as the hero is matched by a uniformly effective supporting cast rife with familiar faces (i.e.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Thirty-nine days later, the survivors, who mostly resent Alex, attend a memorial service for the victims."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Kevin Maynard of Mr. Showbiz described the film as crude and witless, while Rita Kempley of The Washington Post wrote that your own final destination just might be the box office, to demand your money back."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Alex deduces that, since he intervened, Death skipped Carter and moved onto Billy, and realizes that he is next."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film lasted in theaters for 22 weekends, its last screening airing in 105 theaters and grossing $52,675, placing at No. 56."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"In contrast, the film gathered positive reviews from top critics."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Perry was amazed by Sawa's vulnerability in acting, describing him as a very distinctive actor."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"His death is deemed a suicide, however, Alex doesn't believe Tod killed himself."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"The film shows how easy it is to turn on someone, to blame someone when you're scared, Larter said."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"The second commentary includes Sawa, Smith, Cloke, and Donella discussing what was involved in certain scenes and how they each were cast."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	We wrote that version of that experience into the script.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Once we had a basic story, I started cataloging the strange coincidences in my own life."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"I guess after the plane goes down, his world completely changes."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	He rushes to save her while being chased by agents.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"He tells them that Alex has ruined Death's plan, and Death is now claiming the lives of those who were meant to die on the plane."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Skewing was also part of the overall design for the color palette used in set decoration and costume design.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Smith identified Carter as your typical high school bully whose life depends on anger and mentioned the fact that Carter feared Alex not having control of his own life.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Nothing that calls attention to itself, but instead creates a sense of uneasiness—the unsettling feeling that something's not quite right."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"For example, I was in the Vancouver airport waiting for a flight when John Denver came on over the loudspeaker."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Of course, the atmosphere had to be there also, especially for a film with as much suspense building as this film has."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	I have visions of my own.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"According to Detmer, her death scene (being rammed by a speeding bus) was filmed first because it was easy but much anticipated."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"After the script was finished, New Line Cinema submitted the script to directors, including writing partners James Wong and Glen Morgan."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Sawa described his role as in the beginning, [Alex was kinda loopy and cotter, and you know, probably not the most popular guy in school."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Sawa portrays a teenager who cheats death after having a premonition of a plane explosion.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Morgan was astounded by Sawa's performance in Idle Hands, and Sawa was hired."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"In the real world, the colors are bright and rich, Willet said."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"also included the plane scene and the deaths of three characters (Tod, Terry, and Ms. Lewton) in its Scariest Movie Moments and Scenes, and all fatalities in its Best Film Deaths Scenes."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	Filmsite.org	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Nothing is square and, although you can't put your finger on it, it just makes you feel like something is not right."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"After the service, a chain reaction causes Tod to be strangled in the shower."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Meanwhile, Clear is trapped inside her car with a leaking gas tank, surrounded by loose live wires."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	"Used for filming the on-board sequences, it could be shifted on the gimbal to create a pitching movement of up to 45 degrees side-to-side and 60 degrees front-to-back, realistically conveying the horror of airborne engine failure."	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	I had to understand the psychology of a person who can turn on a dime like that.	4	1	0
Final Destination (film)	The score was positively received by critics.	5	0	0
Final Destination (film)	"I have incredible respect for them, said Cloke."	5	0	0
Final Destination (film)	"LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle praised Sawa and Ali Larter's pairing, saying that Larter and Sawa, who becomes more scruffy and wild-eyed as the film progresses, make an appealing pair."	5	0	0
Final Destination (film)	"The remaining survivors reunite, and Alex explains what's going on as they drive through town."	5	0	0
Final Destination (film)	"She's an artist, she lives by herself, and she's kinda holding to her grip for what the world has given her."	5	0	0
Final Destination (film)	Go write it.'	5	0	0
Gravity (film)	"Although the first trailer had audible explosions and other sounds, these scenes are silent in the finished film."	0	4	1
Gravity (film)	"The landing scene was filmed at Lake Powell, Arizona—where the astronauts' landing scene in Planet of the Apes (1968) was also filmed."	0	4	1
Gravity (film)	"Its nominations included Best Film, Outstanding British Film, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Actress in a Leading Role."	1	2	2
Gravity (film)	"Despite not winning Best Film, Gravity won six awards, the greatest number of awards in 2013."	1	2	2
Gravity (film)	"Gravity received eleven nominations at the 67th British Academy Film Awards, more than any other film of 2013."	0	5	0
Gravity (film)	"At the 86th Academy Awards, Gravity received a leading ten nominations—tying with American Hustle (2013)—and won seven, the most for the ceremony, including Best Director for Cuarón, Best Cinematography for Lubezki, Best Visual Effects, and Best Original Score for Price."	0	5	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity was produced entirely in the UK, where the British visual effects company Framestore spent more than three years creating most of the film's visual effects, which comprise over 80 of its 91 minutes."	0	5	0
Gravity (film)	"For most of Bullock's shots, she was placed inside a giant, mechanical rig."	0	5	0
Gravity (film)	The film contains 156 shots with an average length of 45 seconds—fewer and longer shots than in most films of this length.	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"The film was also awarded six BAFTA Awards, including Outstanding British Film and Best Director, the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, and seven Critics Choice Awards."	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"It won the awards for Outstanding British Film, Best Direction, Best Original Music, Best Cinematography, Best Sound, and Best Visual Effects."	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"Astronaut Buzz Aldrin called the visual effects remarkable, and said, I was so extravagantly impressed by the portrayal of the reality of zero gravity."	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"According to NASA Astronaut Michael J. Massimino, who took part in the Hubble Space Telescope Servicing Missions STS-109 and STS-125, nothing was out of place, nothing was missing."	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"When the script was finalized, Cuarón assumed it would take about a year to complete the film, but it took four and a half years."	1	3	1
Gravity (film)	"In November 2010, Downey left the project to star in How to Talk to Girls—a project in development with Shawn Levy attached to direct."	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity will be reissued on Blu-ray on February 10, 2015; this release includes a Silent Space Version of the film which omits the score composed by Steven Price."	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	"Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi while praising the cost-effective nature of Indian space programme, observed that the country's Mars Orbiter Mission had cost less than the film's production budget."	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	Cuarón said his biggest challenge was to make the set feel as inviting and non-claustrophobic as possible.	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	"Tim Webber stated that 80 percent of the movie consisted of CG—compared to James Cameron's Avatar (2009), which was 60 percent CG."	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	Lindsey Weber of Vulture.com said the choice of Ed Harris for the voice of Mission Control is a reference to Apollo 13.	1	4	0
Gravity (film)	"The film's largest markets outside North America were China ($71.2m), the United Kingdom ($47.0m) and France ($38.2m)."	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	Gravity received ten nominations at the 86th Academy Awards; together with American Hustle it received the greatest number of nominations for the 2014 ceremony.	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	Gravity was also offered for free in HD on Google Play and Nexus devices in late October 2014 to early November 2014.	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	"Former NASA astronaut Garrett Reisman said, The pace and story was definitely engaging and I think it was the best use of the 3-D IMAX medium to date."	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	"The film won the most of the night with seven Academy Awards: for Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Visual Effects, Best Film Editing, Best Original Score, Best Sound Editing, and Best Sound Mixing."	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	"Alfonso Cuarón won the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, and the film was also nominated for Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Actress – Drama for Bullock and Best Original Score."	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	"Gravity opened at number one in the United Kingdom, taking GB£6.23 million over the first weekend of release, and remained there for the second week."	2	2	1
Gravity (film)	Most of the movie was shot digitally using Arri Alexa Classics cameras equipped with wide Arri Master Prime lenses.	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Other imagery depicting the formation of life includes a scene in which Stone rests in an embryonic position, surrounded by a rope strongly resembling an umbilical cord."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"The film uses very long, uninterrupted shots throughout to draw the audience into the action but contrasts these with claustrophobic shots within space suits and capsules."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"David Heyman, who previously worked with Cuarón on Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (2004), produced the film with him."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"The rights were sold to Warner Bros. Pictures, where the project eventually found traction."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, astronomer and skeptic Phil Plait, and veteran NASA astronaut and spacewalker Scott E. Parazynski have offered comments about some of the most glaring inaccuracies."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Eventually, the team decided to use computer-generated imagery for the spacewalk scenes and automotive robots to move Bullock's character for interior space station scenes."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	Other critics make connections with 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968).	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Stone's return from space, accompanied by meteorite-like debris, may be seen as a hint that elements essential to the development of life on Earth may have come from outer space in the form of meteorites."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity topped the box office and broke the record held by Paranormal Activity 3 (2011) as the highest-earning October and autumn openings, grossing $55.8 million."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Matt Zoller Seitz, writing on RogerEbert.com, gave the film four out of four stars, calling it a huge and technically dazzling film and that the film's panoramas of astronauts tumbling against starfields and floating through space station interiors are at once informative and lovely."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"The impact of scenes is heightened by alternating between objective and subjective perspectives, the warm face of the Earth and the depths of dark space, the chaos and predictability of the debris field, and silence of the vacuum of space with the background score giving the desired effect."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"The film's US release coincided with the beginning of World Space Week, which was observed from October 4 to 10."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"James Cameron praised the film and stated, I think it's the best space photography ever done, I think it's the best space film ever done, and it's the movie I've been hungry to see for an awful long time."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón was the most-nominated person at the awards; he was nominated for five awards, including his nominations as producer for Best Film awards and editor."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Scheduling conflicts involving Jolie's Bosnian war film In the Land of Blood and Honey (2011), and a possible Salt (2009) sequel led Jolie to exit her involvement with Gravity, leaving Warner Bros. with doubts that the film would get made."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"A soundtrack album was released digitally on September 17, 2013, and in physical formats on October 1, 2013, by WaterTower Music."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"In September, Cuarón received approval from Warner Bros. to offer the role without a screen test to Natalie Portman, who was praised for her performance in Black Swan (2010) at that time."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"To simulate the authenticity and reflection of unfiltered light in space, a manually controlled lighting system consisting of 1.8 million individually controlled LED lights was built."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	The film stayed at number one at the box office during its second and third weekends.	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity is a 2013 science fiction thriller film directed, co-written, and produced by Alfonso Cuarón."	2	3	0
Gravity (film)	$11.2 million—20 percent of the receipts—came from IMAX 3D showings; the highest percentage for a film opening more than $50 million.	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"80 percent of the film's opening weekend gross came from its 3D showings, which grossed $44 million."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"On February 17, 2014, the film grossed $700m worldwide."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"It was released in the USA in 3D and IMAX 3D on October 4, 2013 and in the UK on November 8, 2013."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"Getting into the rig took a significant amount of time, so Bullock chose to stay in it for up to 10 hours a day, communicating with others through a headset."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	There was a one-of-a-kind wirecutter we used on one of my spacewalks and sure enough they had that wirecutter in the movie.	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"Gravity also won the 2014 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"Gravity had its world premiere at the 70th Venice International Film Festival on August 28, 2013, and had its North American premiere three days later at the Telluride Film Festival."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	CG elements were shot at Pinewood and Shepperton Studios in the United Kingdom.	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"Gravity grossed $274,092,705 in North America and $442,300,000 in other countries, making a worldwide gross of $716,392,705—making it the eighth-highest grossing film of 2013."	3	1	1
Gravity (film)	"Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film four out of four stars, stating that the film was more than a movie."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Gravity opened the 70th Venice International Film Festival on 28 August 2013 and had its North American premiere three days later at the Telluride Film Festival.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The Ganges in the sun, the St. Christopher icon, the statue of Budai, and above all, a visit from a denizen of heaven, signal that there is a dimension of reality that lies beyond what technology can master or access&#160;...&#160;the reality of God."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Although Gravity is often cited in the media as a science fiction film, Cuarón told BBC that he sees the film rather as a drama of a woman in space."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The spinning is going to happen—maybe not quite that vigorous—but certainly we've been fortunate that people haven't been in those situations yet.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón uses the character, Stone, to illustrate clarity of mind, persistence, training, and improvisation in the face of isolation and the consequences of a relentless Murphy's law."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Scott also said that the film in a little more than 90 minutes rewrites the rules of cinema as we have known them.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	That film is about the first crew of an experimental space station returning to Earth in an Apollo capsule that suffers a thruster malfunction.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Visual effects were supervised by Tim Webber at the London-based VFX company Framestore, which was responsible for creating most of the film's visual effects—except for 17 shots."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The following December, with Bullock signed for the co-lead role, George Clooney replaced Downey."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"These included Best Picture, Best Actress for Bullock, and Best Production Design."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The film was originally scheduled to be released in the US on November 21, 2012, before being re-scheduled for a 2013 release to allow the completion of extensive post-production work."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Going through the space station was done just the way that I've seen people do it in reality.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The film has been praised for the realism of its premises and its overall adherence to physical principles, despite several inaccuracies and exaggerations."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The 3-D effects, added in post-production, provide their own extraterrestrial startle: a hailstorm of debris hurtles at you, as do a space traveler's thoughts at the realization of being truly alone in the universe."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter suggests the way a weightless Stone goes floating about in nothing but her underwear references Alien (1979).	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Richard Corliss of Time praised Cuarón for playing daringly and dexterously with point-of-view: at one moment you're inside Ryan's helmet as she surveys the bleak silence, then in a subtle shift you're outside to gauge her reaction."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The site's consensus states: Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity is an eerie, tense sci-fi thriller that's masterfully directed and visually stunning."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"It has grossed more than US$716 million worldwide, making it the eighth-highest-grossing film of 2013."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Steven Price composed the incidental music for Gravity.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"It's some kind of miracle. A. O. Scott writing for The New York Times highlighted the use of 3-D which he said, surpasses even what James Cameron accomplished in the flight sequences of Avatar."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The soundtrack in the film's space scenes consists of the musical score and sounds astronauts would hear in their suits or in the space vehicles.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Empire, Time, and Total Film ranked the film as the best of 2013."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Despite being set in space, the film uses motifs from shipwreck and wilderness survival stories about psychological change and resilience in the aftermath of catastrophe."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Some commentators have noted religious themes in the film.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Despite the inaccuracies in Gravity, Tyson, Plait and Parazynski said they enjoyed watching the film."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Robert Barron in The Catholic Register summarizes the tension between Gravity's technology and religious symbolism.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 97% based on reviews from 305 critics, with a Certified Fresh rating and an average score of 9.0/10."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"If the film past is dead, Gravity shows us the glory of cinema's future."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The team attempted to do this by having a celebration each day when Bullock arrived.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The remaining footage was converted into 3D in post production—principally at Prime Focus, London, with additional conversion work by Framestore."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The problem of shooting long scenes in a zero-g environment was a challenge.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The film also suggests themes of humanity's ubiquitous strategy of existential resilience; that, across cultures, individuals must postulate meaning, beyond material existence, wherever none can be perceived."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"In early September 2013, a 23-minute preview of the soundtrack was released online."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"It stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as astronauts, and sees them stranded in space after the mid-orbit destruction of their space shuttle and their subsequent attempt to return to Earth."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The final scene, which takes place on Earth, was shot on an Arri 765 camera using 65mm film to provide the sequence with a visual contrast to the rest of the film."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The film incorporates spiritual or existential themes, in the facts of Stone's daughter's accidental and meaningless death, and in the necessity of summoning the will to survive in the face of overwhelming odds, without future certainties, and with the impossibility of rescue from personal dissolution without finding this willpower."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity was released on digital download on February 11, 2014, and was released on DVD, Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D on February 25, 2014, in the United States and on March 3, 2014, in the United Kingdom."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Portman rejected the project because of scheduling conflicts and Warner Bros. then approached Sandra Bullock for the role.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"After the rights to the project were sold, the project began development at Warner Bros., who acquired the project."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"The film was met with near-universal acclaim from critics, who praised Emmanuel Lubezki's cinematography, Steven Price's musical score, Cuarón's direction, Bullock's performance and Framestore's visual effects."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"In CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend, cinema audiences gave Gravity an average grade of A- on an A+ to F scale."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The majority of the 3D was created by stereo rendering the CG at Framestore.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	This meant that shots and blocking had to be planned well in advance for the robots to be programmed.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"In most of the film's official trailers, Spiegel im Spiegel, written by Estonian composer Arvo Pärt in 1978, was used."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Empire Online, Ask Men, and The Huffington Post also considered Gravity to be one of the best space films ever made, though The Huffington Post later included Gravity on their list of 8 Movies From The Last 15 Years That Are Super Overrated."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Aldrin said he hoped that the film would stimulate the public to find an interest in space again, after decades of diminishing investments into advancements in the field."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	Cuarón wrote the screenplay with his son Jonás and attempted to develop the film at Universal Pictures.	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"When a bad science fiction movie comes out, no one bothers to ask me if it reminded me of the real thing."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	"Gravity was met with nearly universal acclaim from critics who praised the acting (especially Sandra Bullock's performance), direction, screenplay, cinematography, visual effects, production design, the use of 3D, and Steven Price's musical score."	3	2	0
Gravity (film)	The very fact that the question is being asked so earnestly is a testament to the verisimilitude of the movie.	4	0	1
Gravity (film)	"The film earned $1.4 million from its Thursday night showings, and reached $17.5 million on Friday."	4	0	1
Gravity (film)	"He said, The technology which this film legitimately celebrates... can't save us, and it can't provide the means by which we establish real contact with each other."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Quentin Tarantino said it was one of his top ten movies of 2013.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	It was released to cinemas in the United States and Canada on 4 October 2013.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón told Wired magazine, I watched the Gregory Peck movie Marooned (1969) over and over as a kid."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"She crawls out of the water, not unlike early creatures in evolution."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"In the film, we don't do that."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	The 3D imagery was designed and supervised by Chris Parks.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"This is not a documentary, Cuarón said."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"But the question that most people want me to answer is, how realistic was it?"	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Examples of differences from reality include:	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Calamities occur but only the surviving astronauts see them.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Some critics have compared Gravity with other notable films set in space.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Human evolution and the resilience of life may also be seen as key themes of Gravity.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Justin Chang writing for Variety said that the film restores a sense of wonder, terror and possibility to the big screen that should inspire awe among critics and audiences worldwide."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	They nicknamed the rig Sandy's cage and gave it a lighted sign.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Director Cuarón said, She’s in these murky waters almost like an amniotic fluid or a primordial soup."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Songs featured in the film include:	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"As we know, there is no sound in space."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"And because Cuarón is a movie visionary of the highest order, you truly can't beat the view."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"In March, Robert Downey, Jr. entered discussions to be cast in the male lead role."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Prime Focus's supervisor was Richard Baker.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón attempted to develop his project at Universal Pictures, where it stayed in development for several years."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Rather than using the medium as a gimmick, Gravity uses it to depict a real environment that is completely alien to most people."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Preliminary reports predicted the film would open with takings of over $10 million in North America.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"The film opens with the exploration of space—the climax of human civilization, and ends with an allegory of the dawn of mankind when Dr. Ryan Stone fights her way out of the water after the crash-landing, passing an amphibian, grabs the soil and slowly regains her capacity to stand upright and walk."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Framestore was also heavily involved in the art direction and, along with The Third Floor, the previsualization."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"In mid-2010, Marion Cotillard attended a screen test for the female lead role."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Cuarón has stated that Gravity is not always scientifically accurate and that some liberties were needed to sustain the story.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	And then she goes on all fours.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón shows things that cannot be but, miraculously, are, in the fearful, beautiful reality of the space world above our world."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	It is a piece of fiction.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Alfonso Cuarón wrote the screenplay with his son Jonás.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"'The Dissolve' characterized these complaints as absurd, problems only an astrophysicist would find."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"As of March 16, 2014, Gravity has sold 908,756 DVDs along with 957,355 Blu-ray discs for $16,465,600 and $22,183,843 respectively for a total of $38,649,443."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"In 2010, Angelina Jolie, who had rejected a sequel to Wanted (2008), was in contact with Warner Bros. to star in the film."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"For instance, Fr."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics, the film has a score of 96 based on 49 reviews, indicating universal acclaim."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	It also made the production period much longer than expected.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	Principal photography began in late May 2011.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	And after going on all fours she’s a bit curved until she is completely erect.	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"I think it reminds us that there really are hazards in the space business, especially in activities outside the spacecraft."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Cuarón said, They put in explosions [in the trailer."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	"Made on a production budget of $100 million, Gravity was filmed digitally on multiple Arri Alexa cameras."	4	1	0
Gravity (film)	It thrills on so many levels.	5	0	0
Gravity (film)	"It was the evolution of life in one, quick shot."	5	0	0
Gravity (film)	Filming began in London in May 2011.	5	0	0
Gravity (film)	In which you see amphibians swimming.	5	0	0
Gravity (film)	"By August 2010, Scarlett Johansson and Blake Lively were potential candidates for the role."	5	0	0
Her (film)	"Jonze conceived the idea in the early 2000s after reading an article about Cleverbot, a web application that uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to have conversations with humans."	1	3	1
Her (film)	"At the 86th Academy Awards, the film was nominated in five categories, including Best Picture, with Jonze winning for Best Original Screenplay."	1	3	1
Her (film)	"It was later given a wide release at over 1,700 theaters in the United States and Canada on January 10, 2014."	1	3	1
Her (film)	On its first weekend of wide release the film took in an underwhelming $5.35 million.	1	4	0
Her (film)	"Opening December 22, at 6 theatres the film earned $258,000, and earned over $3 million while on limited release, before expanding to a wide release of 1,729 theaters, on January 10."	1	4	0
Her (film)	"Her also won Best Film and Best Director for Jonze at the National Board of Review Awards, and the American Film Institute included the film in its list of the top ten films of 2013."	1	4	0
Her (film)	"The film was set to have a limited release in North America on November 20, 2013 through Warner Bros. It was later pushed back to a limited December 18, 2013 release with a January 10, 2014 wide release in order to accommodate an awards campaign."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"During production of the film, actress Samantha Morton performed the role of Samantha by acting on set in a four-by-four carpeted soundproof booth made of black painted plywood and soft, noise-muffling fabric."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"At Jonze's suggestion, she and Joaquin Phoenix avoided seeing each other on set during filming."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"Originally described as a story of how world leaders gather to figure out all the seismic events that will take place in the worlds, the film's plot details as well as Kaufman's attachment were later put into question as casting announcements began to be made."	2	3	0
Her (film)	Warner Bros. Pictures initially provided a limited release for Her at six theaters on December 18.	2	3	0
Her (film)	"Her was chosen as the closing film of the 51st New York Film Festival, and had its world premiere on October 12, 2013."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"After sitting on the idea for a while, Jonze renewed interest in the project after directing the short film I'm Here (2010), which shares similar themes."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"It was nominated for five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and won the award for Best Original Screenplay."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"Steven Soderbergh became involved in the film when Jonze's original cut ran over 150 minutes, and brought it to 90 minutes."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"At 71st Golden Globe Awards, the film garnered three nominations, going on to win Best Screenplay for Jonze."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"Rolling Stone '​s Peter Travers awarded the film three and a half stars out of four and particularly praised Johansson's performance, stating that she speaks Samantha in tones sweet, sexy, caring, manipulative and scary and that her vocal tour de force is award-worthy."	2	3	0
Her (film)	"Her received widespread critical acclaim upon its release, and grossed a worldwide total of over $47 million on a production budget of $23 million."	3	1	1
Her (film)	"The film ended up earning $25,568,251 domestically and $21,783,000 internationally for a total of $47,351,251, more than double its $23 million production budget."	3	1	1
Her (film)	"While originally written for the film, Supersymmetry was reworked for the band's 2013 album Reflektor."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter called the film a probing, inquisitive work of a very high order although he expressed disappointment that the ending is more conventional than the rest of the film."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Jonze explained: It was only in post production, when we started editing, that we realized that what the character/movie needed was different from what Samantha and I had created together."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Inspiration also came from Kaufman's writing approach for Synecdoche, New York (2008)."	3	2	0
Her (film)	Principal photography took place in Los Angeles and Shanghai in early 2012.	3	2	0
Her (film)	The film has a certified fresh score of 94% on Rotten tomatoes based on 225 reviews with an average rating of 8.5 out of 10.	3	2	0
Her (film)	He wrote the first draft of the script in five months.	3	2	0
Her (film)	Her has earned various awards and nominations with particular praise for Jonze's screenplay.	3	2	0
Her (film)	It marks Jonze's solo screenwriting debut.	3	2	0
Her (film)	"The film was praised for its direction, screenplay, production design, score, Joaquin Phoenix's performance and Scarlett Johansson's vocal portrayal of Samantha."	3	2	0
Her (film)	New scenes were filmed in August 2013 following the recast.	3	2	0
Her (film)	"In the latter half of 2011, Joaquin Phoenix signed on to the project with Warner Bros. Pictures picking up distribution rights, while Sony Pictures Classics owning worldwide rights (except UK, Italy, Poland and France) and Panorama Media holding international sales."	3	2	0
Her (film)	Jonze was also awarded the Best Original Screenplay Award from the Writers' Guild of America.	3	2	0
Her (film)	"The film received numerous awards and nominations, primarily for Jonze's screenplay."	3	2	0
Her (film)	The idea of the film initially came to Jonze in the early 2000s when he read an article online about Cleverbot that explained instant messaging with artificial intelligence.	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Jonze took five months to write the first draft of the script, his solo screenwriting debut."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"In March 2011, it was announced that producer Megan Ellison’s Annapurna Pictures was acquiring an untitled satire by screenwriter Charlie Kaufman and director Spike Jonze."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"He also praised Jonze's writing for its insights into what people want out of love and relationships, and the acting performances that [make it all feel spontaneous and urgent."	3	2	0
Her (film)	The film also has a score of 90 out of 100 On Metacritic based on 46 critics indicating universal acclaim.	3	2	0
Her (film)	"The film score for Her was composed by Canadian band Arcade Fire and Owen Pallett with additional music by Karen O of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and Joaquin Phoenix, who was trained to play the ukelele by Enrique The Salmon José Ortiz ."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"The film's musical score was composed by Arcade Fire, with the cinematography provided by Hoyte van Hoytema."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"In post-production, Samantha Morton—who originally voiced Samantha—was replaced with Johansson."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Her is a 2013 American science fiction romantic comedy-drama film written, directed, and produced by Spike Jonze."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Her premiered at the 2013 New York Film Festival on October 12, 2013."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Jonze explained, What happened in post was that we edited the movie for ages and finally realized that what Samantha and I had done together wasn't working the right way."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"Consequently, a supporting character played by Chris Cooper that was the subject of a documentary-within-the-film was eliminated from the final cut."	3	2	0
Her (film)	"For the first, maybe, 20 seconds of it, it had this real buzz, said Jonze."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"That he does, with subtle grace and depth."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"In April 2012, Rooney Mara signed on to replace Mulligan in the role."	4	1	0
Her (film)	This was not the final version of the film but it allowed Jonze to remove unnecessary plots.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Richard Corliss of TIME applauded Joaquin Phoenix's performance, comparing his role to Sandra Bullock's in Gravity and Robert Redford's in All Is Lost, Phoenix must communicate his movie’s meaning and feelings virtually on his own."	4	1	0
Her (film)	The film's first trailer opens with Avril 14th by Aphex Twin and contains the song The Moon Song by Karen O. Arcade Fire's song Supersymmetry was featured in the film's second trailer.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"I was very inspired by that, and tried to do that in [Her."	4	1	0
Her (film)	Carey Mulligan entered negotiations to star in the film.	4	1	0
Her (film)	So we recast.	4	1	0
Her (film)	And a lot of the feelings you have about relationships or about technology are often contradictory.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"The film was edited over the course of 14 months, which accounts for the replacement of Morton with Johansson."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"After initially being cast, she later dropped out due to scheduling difficulties."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"The critical consensus states: Sweet, soulful, and smart, Spike Jonze's Her uses its just-barely-sci-fi scenario to impart wryly funny wisdom about the state of modern human relationships."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"The film follows Theodore Twombly (Joaquin Phoenix), a man who develops a relationship with Samantha (Scarlett Johansson), an intelligent computer operating system personified through a female voice."	4	1	0
Her (film)	Her received widespread critical acclaim.	4	1	0
Her (film)	It was also in competition during the 8th edition of Rome International Film Festival.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Jonze explained, [Kaufman said he wanted to try to write everything he was thinking about in that moment – all the ideas and feelings at that time – and put it into the script."	4	1	0
Her (film)	Jonze met Johansson in the spring of 2013 and worked with her for four months.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Following the recast, new scenes were shot in August 2013, which were either newly imagined or new scenes that I had wanted to shoot originally but didn't."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"The film also stars Amy Adams, Rooney Mara, and Olivia Wilde."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"[... Phoenix shows us what it’s like when a mourning heart comes alive — because he loves Her. Corliss cited HAL 9000 and S1m0ne as cinematic predecessors to Her and praised Scarlett Johansson, calling her performance seductive and winning."	4	1	0
Her (film)	One of the first actors he envisioned for the film was Joaquin Phoenix.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Her was released by Warner Home Video on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on May 13, 2014."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"With her blessing, Morton was later replaced by Scarlett Johansson."	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Conversely, audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave Her a B- grade."	4	1	0
Her (film)	McCarthy compares the tender and vulnerable performance of Joaquin Phoenix to his fearsome performance in The Master.	4	1	0
Her (film)	It was mainly filmed in Los Angeles with two weeks in Shanghai.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"After making I'm Here (2010), a short film sharing similar themes, Jonze returned to the idea."	4	1	0
Her (film)	Principal photography on Her took place during the summer of 2012.	4	1	0
Her (film)	"Jonze enlisted Eric Zumbrunnen and Jeff Buchanan to edit the film, both of whom had collaborated with Jonze on past projects."	4	1	0
Her (film)	McCarthy examined the premise of the story and suggested that this virtual relationship was better than Ryan Gosling's relationship with an inflatable doll in Lars and the Real Girl.	4	1	0
Her (film)	It was a really hard realization to come to.	4	1	0
Her (film)	He also went on to call Jonze a visionary.	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	"Some individual frames took up to 100 hours to render, and resulted in 800 terabytes of data."	0	2	3
Interstellar (film)	"It reached a milestone of $200 million in 6 days, $300 million in 10 days, $400 million in 17 days $500 million in 24 days and $600 million in 37 days."	0	4	1
Interstellar (film)	"While filming a water scene in Iceland, actress Anne Hathaway almost suffered hypothermia because the dry suit she was wearing had not been properly secured."	0	4	1
Interstellar (film)	Paramount is providing a virtual reality walkthrough of the Endurance spacecraft using Oculus Rift technology.	1	2	2
Interstellar (film)	Interstellar is an exception to Paramount Pictures' goal to stop releasing films on film stock and to distribute them only in digital format.	0	5	0
Interstellar (film)	"Visual effects supervisor Paul Franklin said the number of effects in the film was not much greater than in Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises or Inception, but that for Interstellar, they created the effects first, so that digital projectors could be used to display them behind the actors, rather than having the actors perform in front of green screens."	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	"The film was expected to be released in over 770 IMAX screens worldwide, which would have been the widest global release in IMAX cinemas."	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	"Created through a combination of 3D printing and hand sculpting, the scale models earned the nickname maxatures by the crew due to their immense size; the 1/15th scale miniature of the Endurance module spanned over 7.6 m (25 feet), while a pyrotechnic model of a portion of the craft was built at 1/5th scale."	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	"To minimize the use of computer-generated imagery, the director had practical locations built, such as the interior of a space shuttle."	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	"By October 2014, Paramount partnered with Google to promote Interstellar across multiple platforms."	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	Nolan wanted to avoid making the robots anthropomorphic and chose a five-foot quadrilateral design.	1	3	1
Interstellar (film)	"Time Out London '​s Dave Calhoun also granted the film a maximum score of five stars, stating that it is a bold, beautiful cosmic adventure story with a touch of the surreal and the dreamlike."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"The miniatures were large enough for Hoyte van Hoytema to mount IMAX cameras directly onto the spacecraft, thus mimicking the look of NASA IMAX documentaries."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	Van Hoytema retooled an IMAX camera to be handheld for shooting interior scenes.	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	Actor Irrfan Khan said that he declined a role since he wanted to be in India for the releases of The Lunchbox and D-Day.	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"Screenwriter Jonathan Nolan was hired by Spielberg to write a script for Interstellar, and he worked on it for four years."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"Anne Hathaway was also invited to Nolan's home, where she read the script for Interstellar."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"Actor Bill Irwin voiced and physically controlled both robots, but his image was digitally removed from the film and his voicing for CASE was replaced."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"Though Paramount and Warner Bros. are traditionally rival studios, Warner Bros., who released Nolan's Batman films and works with Nolan's Syncopy, sought a stake in Nolan's production of Interstellar for Paramount."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"As one security measure, Interstellar was filmed under the name Flora's Letter, Flora being one of Nolan's four children with producer Emma Thomas."	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	The Paramount-Google partnership also included a virtual time capsule compiled with user-generated content to be available in 2015.	1	4	0
Interstellar (film)	"The resulting visual effect provided Thorne with new insight into the effects of gravitational lensing and accretion disks surrounding black holes, and will lead to the creation of two scientific papers, one for the astrophysics community and one for the computer graphics community."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	The film had a worldwide opening of $132.6 million which is the tenth largest opening of 2014.	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"The publisher Running Press released Interstellar: Beyond Time and Space, a book by Mark Cotta Vaz about the making of the film, on November 11, 2014."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	In its fifth weekend the film added $22.8 million and pushed its international gross to $434.4 million.	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"In its second weekend, the film earned $76 million and retained the No. 1 spot for a two weekend international total of $224.1 million."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"31 days after its release, the film became the 13th most successful film and 3rd most successful foreign film in South Korea with 9.1 million admissions trailing only behind Avatar (13.3 million admissions) and Frozen (10.3 million admissions)."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	In its third week the film earned $15.1 million and still remained at number three yet again halted by newcomer The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 ($121.9	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"In its opening day it earned $743,000 debuting at number 1 at the French box office."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"The film was released in Belgium, France, and Switzerland on November 5, 2014 and in additional territories in the following days, including the United Kingdom on November 7, 2014."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"It is Nolan's biggest opening in China, Warner Bros' biggest 2D opening and the studio's second biggest opening of all time behind Pacific Rim ($45.2 million)."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	Zimmer also said that Nolan did not provide him a script or any plot details for writing music for the film and instead gave the composer one page of text that had more to do with [Zimmer's story than the plot of the movie.	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"The film closed down its theatrical run in China on December 12, 2014 (on Friday, 31 days after its initial release) with a total revenue of $122.87 million."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"The theatrical trailer debuted May 5, 2014 at the Lockheed Martin IMAX Theater at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	Filming in California was relatively unusual since California's tax credit was not available for films with a budget greater than $75 million.	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	In total the film earned $20.6 million from IMAX theates globally surpassing the $17.1 million record of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"For the limited North America release, Interstellar is projected from 70 mm and 35 mm film in 249 theaters that still support those formats, including at least 41 70 mm IMAX theaters.[nb"	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"As of December 26, 2014, Interstellar has grossed $175,407,000 in the United States and Canada and $464,000,000 in other territories for a worldwide total of $639,407,000."	2	2	1
Interstellar (film)	"Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema was hired for Interstellar, as Wally Pfister, Nolan's cinematographer on all of his past films, was working on his directorial debut, Transcendence."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The premise for Interstellar was conceived by film producer Lynda Obst and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne, who collaborated on the 1997 film Contact and had known each other since Carl Sagan once set them up on a blind date."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	The setting of the farm in the Midwest was inspired by Clark Kent's upbringing in Man of Steel.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Scott Foundas, chief film critic at Variety, called Interstellar as visually and conceptually audacious as anything Nolan has yet done."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The models were then attached to a six-axis gimbal on a motion control system that allowed an operator to manipulate their movements, which were filmed against background plates of space using VistaVision cameras on a smaller motion control rig."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Todd McCarthy, reviewing for The Hollywood Reporter, said, This grandly conceived and executed epic tries to give equal weight to intimate human emotions and speculation about the cosmos, with mixed results, but is never less than engrossing, and sometimes more than that."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Ranger and Lander miniatures spanned 14 m (46 feet) and over 15 m (50 feet), respectively."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Through the partnership, the cast of Interstellar will also talk about the film through the video chat platform Google Hangouts."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	Astrobiologist David Grinspoon points out that even with a voracious blight it would have taken millions of years to draw down the atmosphere's content of oxygen.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Nolan paid close attention to designing the sound mix, for instance focusing on what buttons being pressed with astronaut-suit gloves would sound like."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	Warner Bros. also agreed to let Paramount co-finance a to-be-determined A-list Warners property.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Based on Thorne's work, the two conceived a scenario about the most exotic events in the universe suddenly becoming accessible to humans, and attracted filmmaker Steven Spielberg's interest in directing."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Ranger, Endurance, and Lander spacecraft were created using miniature effects by production designer Nathan Crowley in collaboration with effects company New Deal Studios, as opposed to using computer generated imagery, as Nolan felt they offered the best way to give the ships a tangible presence in space."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"By March 2007, Jonathan Nolan was hired to write a screenplay for the film, titled Interstellar."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	The studio's website said that The sound on Interstellar has been specially mixed to maximize the power of the low end frequencies in the main channels as well as in the subwoofer channel.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Jonathan's brother, director Christopher Nolan, had worked on other science fiction scripts but decided to take the Interstellar script and choose amongst the vast array of ideas presented by Jonathan and Kip Thorne, picking what he felt he as a director could get across to the audience and hopefully not lose them, before he merged it with a script he had been working on for years on his own."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	It said Interstellar would appeal to men while Big Hero 6 would appeal to families.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"For further inspiration grounded in real-world space travel, the director also invited former astronaut Marsha Ivins to the set."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Hollywood Reporter said that prior to Nolan's appearance, he had not spoken about his new movie at all."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"On the following day, the film was screened at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles, California for over 900 members of the Screen Actors Guild."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	The setting was inspired by the Dust Bowl that took place in the United States during the Great Depression in the 1930s.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"To learn the science, he studied relativity at the California Institute of Technology while writing the script."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	He also said that Star Wars (1977) and Alien (1979) influenced Interstellar '​s production design: Those always stuck in my head as being how you need to approach science-fiction.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	Andrei Tarkovsky's The Mirror (1975) influenced elemental things in the story to do with wind and dust and water.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Thorne would provide pages of deeply sourced theoretical equations to the artists, who then wrote new CGI rendering software based on these equations to create accurate computer simulations of the gravitational lensing caused by these phenomena."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	The film also has a score of 74 out of 100 on Metacritic based on 46 critics indicating Generally favorable reviews.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"After watching the 2012 documentary The Dust Bowl for inspiration, Christopher contacted director Ken Burns and producer Dayton Duncan, requesting permission to use some of their featured interviews in Interstellar."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"For a cornfield scene, production designer Nathan Crowley planted 500 acres of corn that would be destroyed in an apocalyptic dust storm scene, intended to be similar to storms experienced during the Dust Bowl in 1930s United States."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"It was made available online later that month, and for the week ending May 19 it was the most-viewed movie trailer, with over 19.5 million views on YouTube."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"To research for the film, Nolan visited NASA as well as the private space program SpaceX."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The crew transported mock spaceships weighing approximately 10,000 pounds (4,500&#160;kg) to the country, which was chosen to represent two extraterrestrial planets: one covered in ice, and one covered in water."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"It is Nolan's first film to not debut at number one since 2002, when Insomnia debuted at number two."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	The film topped the box office the following day on Wednesday earning $1.35 million (which includes its gross from Tuesday night) from 249 theatres (42 of which were IMAX screens) for which IMAX accounted for 62% of its total gross.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Endurance, the crew's mother ship, has a circular structure formed by 12 capsules: four with planetary colonization equipment, four with engines, and four with the permanent functions of cockpit, medical labs and habitation."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The screenwriter found inspiration in science fiction films with apocalyptic themes, such as WALL-E (2008) and Avatar (2009)."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"The website debuted the film's final trailer, and allowed visitors to navigate theater locations and schedules to help them plan to see Interstellar in certain formats."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar was released early on November 4 at the Museum of Science &amp; Industry IMAX Dome theater, and had a limited release in North America (United States and Canada) on November 5, 2014 and a wide release on November 7, 2014."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Filming also took place in Iceland, where Nolan had previously filmed scenes for his 2005 film Batman Begins."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Although it failed to renew its eight-year production partnership with Warner Bros., Legendary reportedly agreed to forego financing for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice in exchange for the stake in Interstellar."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar is a 2014 science-fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan, starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Bill Irwin, Ellen Burstyn, Mackenzie Foy, John Lithgow, Michael Caine and Matt Damon."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Additional scenes involving the dust storm and McConaughey's character were also filmed in Fort Macleod, where the giant dust clouds were created on location using large fans to blow cellulose-based synthetic dust through the air."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	"Christopher Nolan produced the film with his wife, Emma Thomas, and Lynda Obst."	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	Locations included the Svínafellsjökull glacier and the town of Klaustur.	2	3	0
Interstellar (film)	and is currently the 8th highest-grossing film of 2014 worldwide.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	It earned $7.4 million from IMAX theatres from 368 screens in its second weekend.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"It went on to earn $41.7 million in its opening weekend, accounting 55% of the market shares."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"Other high openings include Germany ($4.6 million), Italy ($3.7 million), Australia ($3.7 million), Spain ($2.7 million), Mexico ($3.1 million) and Brazil ($1.9 million)."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	The film was released in France and Belgium on November 5 and accounted 50% of the marketshare of the top five films in the two territories.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"In North America, it was released in film stock to theaters still equipped to project the format, before expanding to venues using digital projectors."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"In the United Kingdom the film debuted at number one earning £5.37 million ($8.6 million) in its opening weekend which was lower than the openings of The Dark Knight Rises (£14.36 million), Gravity (£6.24 million) and Inception (£5.91 million)."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	The film was widely released on November 7 and topped the box office on its opening day earning $17 million (which includes the Thursday preview haul but not the Tuesday-Wednesday gross which would make up to $19.15 million) ahead of Big Hero 6 ($15.8 million).	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	IMAX cameras were used for Interstellar more than for any of Nolan's previous films.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"In August 2013, Legendary Pictures finalized an agreement with Warner Bros. to finance approximately 25 percent of the film's production."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	In its second weekend the film fell to number three behind old rival Big Hero 6 ($36 million) and newcomer Dumb and Dumber To ($38.1 million) and dropped 39% earning $29.12 million for a two weekend total of $97.8 million.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"IMAX comprised $13.2 million (28%) of its opening weekend gross, while other premium large format screens comprised $5.25 million (10.5%) of the gross."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	"However, the film was released to only 574 IMAX theaters worldwide."	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	It also passed the $300 million mark in its second weekend earning $321.9 million worldwide.	3	1	1
Interstellar (film)	Some of the film's sequences were shot with an IMAX camera installed in the nosecone of a Learjet.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He awarded the initial standard release a perfect five out of five stars.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"What we found was as long as we didn't change the point of view too much, the camera position, we could get something very understandable."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Reporter said that several theater owners saw the initiative as backward, as nearly all theaters in the United States have been converted to digital projection."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The film's website was relaunched to be a digital hub hosted on a Google domain.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"It hosted the walkthrough sequentially in four theaters, in New York City, Houston, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C., from October 6 through November 19, 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"He also cited the space drama The Right Stuff (1983) as an example to follow, and screened it for the crew before production."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Callum Hofler of Entertainment Junkie provided more praise, stating in his review, Zimmer's music harbours the vast and brilliant scope of the film, whilst also allowing us time to grow acquainted with the central characters and their relationships; it combines immense spectacle with intimate motifs that represent love, connection and family, all these things seemingly transcending the more overtly far-reaching of ideas, and concluded that, A beautiful and inspiring piece of work; this most certainly comes recommended from myself [Hofler."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Prior to Interstellar '​s public release, Paramount CEO Brad Grey hosted a private screening on October 19, 2014 at an IMAX theater in Lincoln Square, Manhattan."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Paramount Pictures is distributing the film in North America, and Warner Bros. will distribute it in the remaining territories."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"But when I was a kid, these were family films in the best sense, and they were as edgy and incisive and challenging as anything else on the blockbuster spectrum."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The critical response to Zimmer's efforts was generally quite positive, many stating that the score was some of Zimmer's finest work to date."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Jonathan Broxton of Movie Music UK acclaimed the album, stating, The orchestration choices, especially the stripped down ensemble and the use of the pipe organ, shows a composer not afraid to think outside the box, and find unique solutions to the musical problems his film presents, and the emotional content of the score is high, but not overwhelming, and summarised with, It’s an absolute lock for an Oscar nomination, and is one of the best scores of 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In his review for The Associated Press, Jake Coyle praised the film for its big-screen grandeur, while finding some of the dialogue clunky."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The accretion disk of the black hole was described by Thorne as anemic and at low temperature—about the temperature of the sun, allowing it to emit appreciable light, but not enough gamma- and X-rays to threaten nearby astronauts and planets."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In creating the wormhole and a supermassive rotating black hole (which possesses an ergosphere, as opposed to a non-rotating black hole), Thorne collaborated with visual effects supervisor Paul Franklin and a team of 30 computer effects artists at Double Negative."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar features three spacecraft: the Ranger, the Endurance, and the Lander."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar premiered on October 26, 2014, in Los Angeles."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The space project is named Lazarus.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The soundtrack was released on November 18, 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Entertainment Weekly has commented: He set the story in a dystopian future ravaged by blight but populated with hardy folk who refuse to bow to despair.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In the same month, Paramount Pictures launched a complex interactive Interstellar website in July 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan called McConaughey's character an everyman with whom the audience could experience the story.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Aside from the embargo, very positive messages about the film were posted on Twitter."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"David Stratton of At the Movies rated the film four and a half stars out of five, praising the film's ambition, effects and 70mm IMAX presentation, though critiquing the sound for being so loud as to make some of the dialogue inaudible, drawing parallels to Gravity and 2001: A Space Odyssey for its mix of technical accomplishment and metaphysical themes."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Jessica Chastain was contacted while she was filming Miss Julie in Northern Ireland, and a script was delivered to her."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"For the depictions of the wormholes and the black hole, he said, we discussed how to go about it, and then I worked out the equations that would enable tracing of light rays as they traveled through a wormhole or around a black hole—so what you see is based on Einstein's general relativity equations."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"A 70 mm IMAX projector was installed at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles, California to display the format."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Wall Street Journal reported: The famously secretive filmmaker has gone to extreme lengths to guard the script to ... Interstellar, just as he did with the blockbuster Dark Knight trilogy."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The teaser trailer for Interstellar debuted December 14, 2013 and featured clips related to space exploration, accompanied by a voiceover by Matthew McConaughey's character of Cooper."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Nolan compared Interstellar to The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948), as a film about human nature."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"While McConaughey was in New Orleans, Louisiana, filming for the TV series True Detective, Nolan invited the actor to visit him at his home."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Christopher kept in place Jonathan's conception of the first hour, which is set on a resource-depleted Earth in the near future."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Conversely, cohost Margaret Pomeranz rated the film three out of five, as she felt the human drama got lost amongst the film's scientific concepts."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Guardian scored the film three out of five stars, calling it a glorious spectacle, but a slight drama, with few characters and too-rare flashes of humour."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Second, that all the wild speculations... would spring from science and not from the fertile mind of a screenwriter."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Paramount then showed Interstellar to some of the industry's filmmakers and actors in a first-look screening at the California Science Center on October 22, 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The endless string (ostinatos) need to go by the wayside, the big drums are probably in the bin."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He also sought to emulate films like Steven Spielberg's Jaws (1975) and Close Encounters of the Third Kind (1977).	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Richard Corliss of Time gave the film a positive review, calling it a must-take ride with a few narrative bumps."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Rubban Shakeel of Films with Rubban called the cinematography as the true hero of the film.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Filming locations included the Westin Bonaventure Hotel and Suites, the Los Angeles Convention Center, a Sony Pictures soundstage in Culver City, and a private residence in Altadena."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Wai Chee Dimock in the Los Angeles Review of Books, writes that Nolan's films are rotatable at 90, 180, and 360 degrees, and that although there is considerable magical thinking here, making it almost an anti-cli-fi film, holding out hope that the end of the planet is not the end of everything, it reverses itself, however, when that magic falls short, when the poetic license is naked and plain for all to see."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar had an early limited release in the United States and Canada in selected theatres on November 4, 2014 at 8:00 pm, coinciding with the 2014 US midterm elections."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The pair participated in a brief discussion and screened a new trailer of the film.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The studio began airing TV spots for the film at the end of September 2014, expanding the early focus on McConaughey, who the Los Angeles Times said had high visibility to the public after winning an Academy Award for Dallas Buyers Club and for an acclaimed performance on the TV series True Detective."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He provided the work with a 9.5 out of 10.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	So you have three combinations you follow.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	I wanted to bring that back in some way.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The film earned $3.6 million from Thursday late night preview for a previews total of $4.9 million (Tuesday - Thursday).	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He concludes that Interstellar explores the relationships among science and faith and science and the humanities and illustrates the real symbiosis between these realms.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The film features a crew of astronauts who travel through a wormhole in search of a new home for humanity.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"On November 18, 2014 Wired released a tie-in online comic titled Absolute Zero, written by Christopher Nolan and drawn by Sean Gordon Murphy."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film concluded its run on IMAX theaters on December 14, 2014 and grossed over $100 million worldwide from IMAX ticket sales, making it the fourth film to do so after Avatar ($228 million), The Dark Knight Rises ($102.4 million) and Gravity ($100.1 million)."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	In its third weekend the film added $71.1 million and was No. 2 worldwide behind The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 ($154.3 million).	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Christopher Nolan said he sought to mix the film's sound to take maximum advantage of current sound equipment in theaters.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Actor Siddharth claimed that he auditioned for the film, but was not cast due to failing a screen test."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"He further expressed his admiration for Nolan's ambition to make great statements on a grand scale, and the vision and guts to realize them."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film officially premiered on October 26, 2014 at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los, Angeles, California."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Obst was attached to produce the film, which Variety said would take several years to come together before Spielberg directed it."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film features an extensive use of practical and miniature effects, while Double Negative created additional digital effects."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Christopher Nolan was initially concerned that a scientifically accurate depiction of a black hole would not be visually comprehensible to an audience and would require the effects team to unrealistically alter its appearance.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He intended to write a screenplay based on his own idea that he would merge with his brother's screenplay.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Describing Nolan as a merchant of awe, Tim Robey of The Telegraph felt Interstellar was agonisingly close to a masterpiece, highlighting the conceptual boldness and the deep-digging intelligence of the film."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan filmed Interstellar with anamorphic 35mm and IMAX film photography.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The visual effects company Double Negative, which developed effects for Nolan's 2010 film Inception, worked on Interstellar."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The app, initially released by Paramount Digital Entertainment in September 2014, featured a game in which players could build solar system models and use a flight simulator for space travel."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Director Christopher Nolan said he became interested in casting Matthew McConaughey after seeing him in an early cut of the 2012 film Mud, which he had an opportunity to see since he was friends with one of its producers, Aaron Ryder."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In North America, Interstellar and Big Hero 6 opened the same weekend (November 7–9, 2014)."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The Hollywood Reporter said Nolan will earn a salary of $20 million against 20% of what Interstellar grosses.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The film's wide release expanded to theaters that show it digitally.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film began development in June 2006, when Spielberg and Paramount Pictures announced plans for a science fiction film based on an eight-page treatment written by Obst and Thorne."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Production completed with a budget of $165 million, $10 million less than what was allotted by Paramount, Warner Bros., and Legendary Pictures."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan hired cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema and shot the film on anamorphic 35 mm and IMAX 70 mm photography.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Interstellar was nominated for Original Score for the Hollywood Music in Media Awards, contending with six other films."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Theoretical physicist Kip Thorne was a scientific consultant for the film, to ensure the depictions of wormholes and relativity were as accurate as possible."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Spielberg moved his production company DreamWorks in 2009 from Paramount to The Walt Disney Company, and Paramount needed a new director for Interstellar."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Brothers Christopher and Jonathan Nolan wrote the film, merging a script Jonathan developed in 2007 with Christopher's ideas."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"However, as Thorne mentioned above, this kind of rotating black hole has an accretion disk that has a temperature similar to that of the sun, so that the emission of light reaching the planet is likely due to such an energetic/radiating accretion disk of matter approaching the black hole's event horizon."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Los Angeles Times reported, Film critics largely agree that Interstellar is an entertaining, emotional and thought-provoking sci-fi saga, even if it can also be clunky and sentimental at times."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Interstellar was released in China on November 12 and earned $5.4 million on its opening day on Wednesday which is Nolan's biggest opening in China surpassing the $4.61 million opening record of The Dark Knight Rises.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Worldwide, Interstellar is also the best bow for an IMAX 2D, non-sequel, and IMAX 2D release."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Likewise, Timothy Reyes, a former NASA software engineer, said, Thorne's and Nolan's accounting of black holes and wormholes and the use of gravity is excellent."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Towns in Alberta where filming took place included Nanton, Longview, Lethbridge, and Okotoks."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Theoretical physicist Kip Thorne, whose work inspired the film, acted as scientific consultant and executive producer."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The initiative Google for Education will also use the film as a basis for promoting lesson plans for math science in schools around the United States.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"James Dyer, reviewing the film for Empire, awarded the film a full five stars, describing it as Brainy, barmy and beautiful to behold ... a mind-bending opera of space and time with a soul wrapped up in all the science."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Steve Pulaski of Influx Magazine gave the film a B+ grade, saying: Interstellar, even in a state that feels like an homage crossed with an extremely-ambitious tale of space and time, is a film that caters to the basic idea of why we go to the movies as a medium of entertainment."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In those moments, it suddenly dawns upon us that the ocean that rises up 90 degrees and comes at us like a wall is not just a special effect on some faraway planet, but a scenario all too close to home."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In its opening weekend Interstellar earned $82.9 million from 11.1 admissions on over 14,800 screens in 62 markets."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"At one point, Thorne spent two weeks trying to talk Nolan out of an idea about a character traveling faster than light before Nolan finally gave up."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Zimmer conducted 45 scoring sessions for Interstellar, which was three times more than for Inception."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"However, Nolan found the finished effect to be understandable, provided that he maintained consistent camera perspectives."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Zimmer and Nolan had planned to move away from the trilogy's scores and to come up with a unique one.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In its opening weekend the film earned $47,510,360[nb  from 3,561 theatres ($13,342 per theatre) debuting in second place after a neck-and-neck competition with Disney's Big Hero 6 ($56.2 million)."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Matt Damon was cast in late August 2013 in a supporting role and filmed his scenes in Iceland.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The advisory board received a five-minute trailer for the film that included Hans Zimmer's music.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	In its fourth weekend the film was No. 2 for a second week in a row earning earning over $44 million pushing its international gross to more than $395 million and added $18.1 from IMAX screen.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The film played 52% male and 75% over 25 years old.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Warner Bros. agreed to give Paramount its rights to co-finance the next film in the Friday the 13th horror franchise and to have a stake in a future film based on the TV series South Park.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Filming in the province lasted until September 9, 2013, and involved hundreds of extras as well as approximately 130 crew members, most of them local."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Production designer Nathan Crowley said the Endurance was based on the International Space Station: It's a real mish-mash of different kinds of technology.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Nolan, who is known to keep details of his productions secret, strove to ensure secrecy for Interstellar."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Jonathan said he was pessimistic about the Space Shuttle program ending and how NASA lacked financing for a manned mission to Mars.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"New York Post critic Lou Lumenick deemed Interstellar a soulful, must-see masterpiece, one of the most exhilarating film experiences so far this century."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Other well-known actors eventually joined what would become an all-star cast.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Composer Hans Zimmer, who scored Nolan's Batman film trilogy, also scored Interstellar."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	The portrayal of what a wormhole would look like is considered scientifically correct.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Scott Mendelson of Forbes called the race between the two films a tight one and compared it to competitions between Shrek 2 and The Day After Tomorrow as well as Monsters University and World War Z. Fandango reported that pre-sales for Interstellar were outpacing Christopher Nolan's earlier film Inception, as well as Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, released earlier in 2014."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"New York Times columnist David Brooks has noted the religious symbols in the film: There are those 12 apostles, and there’s a Noah’s ark."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Commenting about the heat of competition between the two films and their subsequent results, Phil Contrino, vice president and chief analyst at BoxOffice.com"	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Actors McConaughey, Chastain, and Hathaway appeared afterward for a Q&amp;A session."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"According to Thorne, the element which has the highest degree of artistic freedom is the clouds of ice on one of the planets they visit, which are structures that probably go beyond the material strength that ice would be able to support."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In January 2013, Paramount and Warner Bros. announced that Christopher Nolan was in negotiations to direct Interstellar."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"According to The Hollywood Reporter, the initiative to project Interstellar from film would help preserve an endangered format, an initiative supported by Christopher Nolan, J. J. Abrams, Quentin Tarantino, Judd Apatow, Paul Thomas Anderson, and other filmmakers."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Paramount announced in April 2013 that both actors were cast in the film's starring roles.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"On November 7, 2014, W. W. Norton &amp; Company released The Science of Interstellar, a book by Kip Thorne."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Warner Bros. said that it was comfortable with given its a non-holiday and point to that the drop otherwise would be in the 40% range.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"Warner Bros., Paramount Pictures, and Legendary Pictures co-financed the film, while Syncopy and Lynda Obst Productions served as production companies."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"In North America, the film is the 11th highest-grossing film that never hit #1, the top 5 or top 10."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The critical consensus states Interstellar represents more of the thrilling, thought-provoking, and visually resplendent filmmaking moviegoers have come to expect from writer-director Christopher Nolan, even if its intellectual reach somewhat exceeds its grasp."	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	Interstellar also became the biggest pre-seller at the TCL Chinese Theatre.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	He also notes that the ice clouds should have been pulled down by gravity and the planet orbiting the black hole had sunlight in the film when it should not.	3	2	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film went number one in South Korea ($14.4 million), Russia ($8.9 million) and France ($5.3 million)."	4	0	1
Interstellar (film)	The director said: It has a very complicated design philosophy.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Both were forecast to earn between $55 million and $60 million.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"said, It's good for the marketplace."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"By the following March, Nolan was confirmed to direct Interstellar, which would be produced under his label Syncopy and Lynda Obst Productions."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It's really like a submarine in space.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"240 of those theatres played in 35mm, 70mm, and IMAX 70mm film formats."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"You work for one day, then play me what you have written, and that he embraced what Zimmer composed."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Sound engineers Gregg Landaker and Gary Rizzo mixed the sound for Interstellar, supervised by sound editor Richard King."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Neither movie hurt the other one.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"You need analogue stuff as well as digital stuff, you need back-up systems and tangible switches."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"But then within that, it subdivides into a further three joints."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Every inch of space is used, everything has a purpose."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan said he wanted to encourage the goal of human spaceflight.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"In Okotoks, filming took place at the Seaman Stadium and the Olde Town Plaza."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"It began on August 6, 2013, in the province of Alberta, Canada."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	There is a fallen angel named Dr.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Simons awarded the album a strong four out of five stars.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Crowley compared it to a heavy Russian helicopter.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"So you can unfold a finger, essentially, but it's all proportional."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	One page.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Rather than a two-dimensional hole in space, it is depicted as a sphere, showing a distorted view of the target galaxy."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Paramount imposed a review embargo for the advance screenings until October 27, 2014."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film also features two robots, CASE and TARS."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Christopher Nolan and McConaughey made their first appearances at Comic-Con in July 2014 to promote Interstellar.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Neil deGrasse Tyson has explored the science behind the ending of Interstellar.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	The comic serves as a prequel to the film following Mann.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Interstellar received generally positive reviews from critics.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"It earned $7.2 million from 206 IMAX screens, at an average of 35,000 per theatre."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Zimmer said: The textures, the music, and the sounds, and the thing we sort of created has sort of seeped into other people's movies a bit, so it's time to reinvent."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Foundas said the film also felt more personal than Nolan's previous films.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Richard Roeper of Chicago Sun-Times awarded the film a full four stars and wrote, This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen — in terms of its visuals, and its overriding message about the powerful forces of the one thing we all know but can't measure in scientific terms."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Filming commenced in late 2013 in Alberta, Canada; Iceland; and Los Angeles."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	million) and old rival Big Hero 6 ($20.1 million).	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	So you can't make any film in a vacuum.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"It also provided navigation of film-related content across Google platforms, collected feedback from film audiences, and linked to a mobile app."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	There’s an infinitely greater and incorporeal intelligence offering merciful salvation.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"He added: The programming this weekend was very intelligent, and we didn't have a lot of that this year."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	You've got four main blocks and they can be joined in three ways.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan has stated that he said to Zimmer: I am going to give you an envelope with a letter in it.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Lawrence Krauss has called the science in Interstellar miserable, and used the blight as an example."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Dr. Michio Kaku praised the film for its scientific accuracy and has said Interstellar could set the gold standard for science fiction movies for years to come.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"The quiet moments are very beautiful, whilst the grand moments are sure to rattle your teeth, but also noted that, For all its whispering, huffing and puffing, blowing and piping “Interstellar” is still a reasonably conventional score."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Outside of films, Nolan drew inspiration from the architecture of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It reported that online users uncovered a star chart related to the Apollo 11 moon landing.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It's based on mathematics.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	He conceded that Nolan's reach occasionally exceeds his grasp but accepted this occurrence.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"The film was released in 35 markets on November 6 including major markets like Germany, Russia, Australia and Brazil and earned $8.7 million in total."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Jonathan Nolan recommended his brother Christopher, who joined the project in 2012."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It earned $12.4 million from IMAX which is down 10%.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It's going to tell you the fable at the center of the story.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It is among the most critically acclaimed movies of 2014.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Claudia Puig of USA Today called it a flawed masterpiece, praising the visual spectacle and powerful themes, while criticizing the dull dialogue and tedious patches inside the space vessel."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Christopher Nolan met with Kip Thorne, then attached as executive producer, to discuss the use of spacetime in the story."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	A TV spot aired during Sunday Night Football to appeal to a broad audience.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	He further described it as an absurd endeavor and one of the most sublime movies of the decade.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"To emulate that film, he sought to capture reflection on the Interstellar astronauts' visors."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"A two-week Iceland shoot was scheduled and a crew of approximately 350 people, including 130 locals, worked on it."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Director Christopher Nolan said influences on Interstellar included the key touchstones of science fiction cinema: Metropolis (1927), 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), and Blade Runner (1982)."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Ranger's function is similar to the Space Shuttle's, being able to enter and exit planetary atmospheres."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"The Hollywood Reporter said the website was both cryptic and, just maybe, filled with hidden meaning."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"It premiered in Europe on October 29, 2014 at Leicester Square in London."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Filming concluded in December 2013, and Nolan started editing the film for its release in 2014."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Christopher instead revised the rest of the script, in which a team travels into space."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	TheWrap said the pairing was potentially a close race.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	It has to feel used—as used and as real as the world we live in.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"After the Iceland shoot, the crew moved to Los Angeles to film for 54 days."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Mann who turns satanic in an inverse Garden of Eden.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	And all the places we see lines—those can subdivide further.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	Nolan accepted these terms as long as they did not get in the way of the making of the movie.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"James Southall of Movie Wave gave praise to nearly all of Zimmer's work, stating, Interstellar marks the next step of his creative journey and is up there in his top tier of music along with The Thin Red Line and Inception."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Pete Simons of Synchrotones' Soundtrack Reviews provided another positive review, stating It’s mesmerising, captivating, inspiring; all of those adjectives!"	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Lastly, the Lander transports the capsules with colonization equipment to planetary surfaces."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	They were both operating in separate camps and they both found an audience.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	The heroine saves the world at age 33.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	"Early in the process, Thorne laid down two guidelines: First, that nothing would violate established physical laws."	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	You can't pretend 2001 doesn't exist when you're making Interstellar.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	The film has a certified fresh score of 73% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 258 reviews with an average rating of 7.1 out of 10.	4	1	0
Interstellar (film)	We're making a science-fiction film...	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	Love.	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	"About 2001, Nolan said: The movies you grow up with, the culture you absorb through the decades, become part of your expectations while watching a film."	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	"He stated: When you say you're making a family film, it has all these pejorative connotations that it'll be somehow soft."	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	"Additionally, a neutron star is mentioned in the movie by Cooper as part of the system."	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	"It has been a box office success and has received generally positive reviews from critics, who gave particular attention to the film's scientific accuracy, musical score, visual effects, and performances, particularly from McConaughey, Foy, Irwin and Chastain."	5	0	0
Interstellar (film)	The film's principal photography was scheduled to last for four months.	5	0	0
Let Me In (film)	"With a budget estimated to be $20 million, the film was released on October 1, 2010, in North America opening at #8 on its debut weekend with an estimated $5.1 million in 2,020 theaters."	0	5	0
Let Me In (film)	"During the film's 10-week theatrical run, Let Me In grossed over $24 million worldwide, $12.1 million of which was from the United States and Canada."	1	3	1
Let Me In (film)	The local police department loaned the film crew 1980s style uniforms and patrol cars to use for the film and over 100 local teenagers were cast as extras.	1	3	1
Let Me In (film)	"It is a remake of the 2008 Swedish film Let the Right One In (Låt den Rätte Komma In), directed by Tomas Alfredson, and the novel of the same name by John Ajvide Lindqvist."	1	4	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In was a critics' pick as one of the Top 10 Best Films of 2010 at CNN and at MSN Entertainment for the 2010 Year in Review Special Features.	2	2	1
Let Me In (film)	"The disc includes an audio commentary with director Matt Reeves, a 17-minute featurette on the making of the film, a short that focuses on the art of the special effects, an in-depth video about the process of making the film's unique car crash scene, three deleted scenes, trailer and poster galleries and a digital copy of the film."	2	2	1
Let Me In (film)	The film was #5 among the ten lowest-grossing releases of 2010 from major studios (movies released in over 1500 theaters).	2	2	1
Let Me In (film)	"Los Alamos County granted a special request from the film's director and producer to name the town in the movie Los Alamos, New Mexico."	2	2	1
Let Me In (film)	The two shots were then combined to deceive the viewer into believing that it was one complete shot.	2	2	1
Let Me In (film)	"Both Smit-McPhee and Moretz were cast before the release of The Road or Kick-Ass, and the films' directors John Hillcoat and Matthew Vaughn respectively each praised the young actors and recommended them to Reeves."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	Reeves made several changes for the English version such as altering the setting from Stockholm to New Mexico and renaming the lead characters.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	The film's international release began on October 6 in European markets with other markets following thereafter.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"Filming took place in several different New Mexico locations, before concluding in Albuquerque in January 2010."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"It was announced on August 17, 2010, that Let Me In would have its world premiere at Toronto International Film Festival on September 13, 2010, and its U.S. premiere on the opening night of Fantastic Fest on September 23, 2010."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	He also told his actors to not watch the original film beforehand so we could make our own version but stay very true to the essence of the story.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	An official comic book miniseries prequel titled Let Me In: Crossroads was released after the film which establishes the back-story of Abby and ends where the theatrical film begins.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	Jenkin's stunt double and a dummy were placed in the car as the rotisserie spun with additional effects work used to animate the dummy as the car rolled.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	The first issue has Abby and her guardian facing a ruthless real-estate tycoon who wants to steal their home and was released in December 2010.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	I am looking into this matter and hope that they have no right to do this.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	He used Ronald Reagan's evil empire speech as an example of American thought during that time period.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	Spielberg instructed Reeves to have the two leads each keep a diary in character with the intention of sharing with Reeves what they wrote in it.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"Tomas Alfredson, the director of the Swedish film, was initially asked to direct the remake, but he turned it down stating that I am too old to make the same film twice and I have other stories that I want to tell."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In was included on Rotten Tomatoes list of the ten best reviewed wide release films of  in addition to being the best reviewed horror film of 2010.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"The film received highly positive reviews from critics, becoming one of the best critically reviewed films of 2010 and was placed on several critics' top-ten list."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"A large section of the film was filmed at Los Alamos High School in Los Alamos, New Mexico."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"Chloë Grace Moretz won several awards for her performance with critics praising the on-screen chemistry with her co-star, Kodi Smit-McPhee."	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	Both DVD and Blu-ray come with a copy of the Limited Edition Let Me In: Crossroads comic book.	2	3	0
Let Me In (film)	"The film earned $24 million in box office revenue worldwide, of which $12 million was earned in the United States and Canada."	3	1	1
Let Me In (film)	"Composing the score to convey the correct emotion was also a challenge for Giacchino who said, ...it was tricky finding the right balance of, well, should this be scary?"	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Hammer Films producer Simon Oakes initially referred to the film with If you call it a faithful remake, I think that's true to say that's what it is."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Producer Simon Oakes made it clear that the plot of Let Me In would closely resemble that of the original film, except that it will be made very accessible to a wider audience."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Interest in producing an English version of Let the Right One In began in 2007 shortly before it was released to audiences.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"The film's producers stated that their intent was to keep the plot similar to the original, yet make it more accessible to a wider audience."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In comparing his adaptation to the Swedish one, Reeves admitted to not adding many different details from the book that weren't in the original film, stating that  the story was so big that you couldn't really add a lot of stuff in without taking away the focus of the coming of age story so I tried to have allusions and references to stuff in the book."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Reeves was also asked to change the ages of the main characters, but he refused, saying that would ruin the essence of the story and change everything completely...we need that childlike innocence."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times praised the film while comparing it to the original.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Josh Tyler wrote The movie he’s made is absolutely a direct remake of the 2008 film, the two are so similar that it’s almost impossible to differentiate between them."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Reeves felt that Lindqvist's story was very naturalistic and wanted the film to be shot the same way.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	It was a weird balance because you're dealing with a dynamic that is quite questionable as far as what everyone's intentions are in the film.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"But in this case, the timing of the bleeding was so dependent on the emotional beats of the scene that this technique wouldn’t have allowed us enough control."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Writer John Ajvide Lindqvist, on the other hand, says that Reeves told him that he will make a new film based on the book, and not remake the Swedish film and so it'll be something completely different, but it's going to be really interesting to see. Reeves has expressed his intent to retain the book's early 1980s setting and his admiration for the book and Alfredson's adaptation."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"The rights for the English-language film were later acquired by Hammer Films at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival, where Let the Right One In won the Founders Award for Best Narrative Feature, and Matt Reeves was quickly introduced as the director."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	I'm so drawn to it for personal and not mercenary reasons ... I hope people give us a chance.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Mark Kermode called it the most utterly redundant remake of the year.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	How would you feel about yourself being confused and being 12 or 13 years old and not knowing what it means that you wish you could kill those kids who were terrorizing you every day?	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Lou Lumenick of The New York Post called Let Me In the scariest, creepiest and most elegantly filmed horror movie I’ve seen in years — it positively drives a stake through the competition."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Later, he informed fans that he had in fact unwittingly sold the rights for the comic to be made, stating that the producers had misinformed him as to the nature of the contract he had signed."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Reeves also admitted to borrowing elements from the Swedish film, stating There are things that [Lindqvist adapted brilliantly in the movie and I borrowed from that because I thought he did a great adaptation."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Let Me In premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on September 13, 2010, and was opened wide in North America on October 1, 2010."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"When Reeves was initially approached, he at first was against the idea but after reading the novel gained a better appreciation for the story,"	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"According to Hammer Films executive producer Nigel Sinclair, interest in the project initially began in the middle of 2007, before the original Let the Right One In had screened for audiences."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	The Blu-ray disc contains an exclusive featurette titled Dissecting Let Me In.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Faden noted the techniques used in another challenging shot important to Abby's character in which she begins bleeding when she enters Owen's apartment without invitation.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Original author John Ajvide Lindqvist said Nobody has asked me about [doing a comic and I think that the project stinks.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In response to the criticism he said, I can understand because of people's love of the [original film that there's this cynicism that I'll come in and trash it, when in fact I have nothing but respect for the film."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Producer Donna Gigliotti said, We're incredibly admiring of the original, but to be honest with you, that picture grossed $2 million."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Method Studios was contracted to handle the film's visual effects work.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	But there are some things that hopefully don't detract and fit into the context of the story.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Principal photography began in Albuquerque, New Mexico on November 2, 2009."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Let Me In is a dark and violent love story, a beautiful piece of cinema and a respectful rendering of my novel for which I am grateful."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In comparing the two films, she opined that the remake makes obvious all that the original film made subtle and does so with less complexity."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"John Nordling and Carl Molinder, the Swedish producers of the original film, were both involved as producers for the adaptation."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"As of April 2011, DVD sales (not including Blu-ray) totaled over 457,000 units sold with over $6.2 million in revenue."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In composing the score, he stated that he also applied certain musical themes to each character for which the audience could respond to as the story progressed."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"He stated, Reeves understands what made the first film so eerie and effective, and here the same things work again."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"According to Sukhdev Sandhu of The Telegraph, Let Me In doesn't need to exist unless, that is, the very notion of Swedish cinema is strange and unpalatable to you....What’s missing is the alluring otherness of Let the Right One In."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	I wrote Lindqvist and told him that it wasn't just that I was drawn to the story because it was a brilliant genre story — which it is — but also because of the personal aspect of it.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In 2008, Hammer Films acquired the rights for the English adaptation and initially offered Tomas Alfredson, the director of the Swedish film, the opportunity to direct, which he declined."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In a similar vein, Jamie S. Rich noted that while there was plenty of content in the original novel that the Swedish film omitted, Reeves hasn't really ferreted out anything new; on the contrary, there is actually less plot in Let Me In than in the Alfredson version."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Smit-McPhee, in an interview with The Herald Sun, hinted that he may have landed the role as Owen."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Rolling Stone film critic Peter Travers, who was initially skeptical, gave the film a positive review while writing, I thought for sure that any Hollywood remake of Tomas Alfredson's artful Swedish vampire film, Let the Right One In, would be a crass desecration."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In July 2009, audition tapes were leaked to the Internet, showing Chloë Grace Moretz, Mary Mouser, and Ariel Winter auditioning for the role of the vampire, Abby."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Particular praise was given to the film's two leads, Kodi Smit-McPhee and Chloë Grace Moretz, for their chemistry and maturity on-screen."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"According to Metacritic, Let Me In was one of the ten best-reviewed wide release films of  and the best reviewed film of the year in the horror category."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Many critics noted it as a rare Hollywood remake which stayed true to the original film from which it was based, while others criticized it for being too derivative of the Swedish film."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In is a 2010 romantic horror film written and directed by Matt Reeves and starring Kodi Smit-McPhee and Chloë Grace Moretz.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	That film's brittle textures and haunted ambiance seemed in some strange way to have sprung organically from the nation in which it was set.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In a press release, director Matt Reeves described Smit-McPhee, Moretz and Jenkins as his absolute dream cast, and added that he couldn't be more excited to be working with them."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"I thought John Lindqvist had written this terrific story, and he also adapted it for the film..."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Joe Morgenstern of The Wall Street Journal wrote that the film is more than a respectful remake; 'Let Me In' is quietly stylish and thoroughly chilling in its own right.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"It tells the story of a bullied 12-year-old boy who develops a friendship with a vampire child in Los Alamos, New Mexico in the early 1980s."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	Director Reeves wanted the car-crash sequence to appear as if it were filmed uncut in first-person.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Let Me In was released on DVD and Blu-ray in North America on February 1, 2011, and in the UK on March 14, 2011."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	I read the book too and was completely taken with it and I was really intrigued how personal the story felt.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Then using techniques utilized in a prior Method Studios film, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Faden had the Houdini software track Moretz's shaking movements and render the gradual release of blood from her face."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Several plates were shot with the first involving actor Jenkins backing the car out of the gas station and swerving, the second plate shot had a model of the car capable of being spun mechanically on a rotisserie in front of a blue screen which could simulate the car's roll down the hill."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Reeves felt that this idea was central to the main character Owen, as he would be grappling with these very, very dark feelings but being in a kind of American town where there was that sort of [Reagan era mindset and religiousness."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"In adapting the film, a few adjustments were made, such as changing the names of the protagonists to Owen and Abby, and moving the setting from the Stockholm suburb of Blackeberg to a small New Mexico town."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Metacritic gave the film an average score of 79% based on 35 reviews, judged to be generally favorable reviews."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"The casting of Moretz and Smit-McPhee in the leading roles was confirmed on October 1, 2009, along with the addition of Richard Jenkins as Abby's adult companion."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Reeves stated, It was all a process of trying to, not only guide them, but in places, trying to let them guide me toward their perspective."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	He has stated on numerous occasions that he is not in favor of remaking his film.	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	"Beth Accomando wrote, How Reeves can take the credit 'written and directed by Matt Reeves' seems almost laughable when you note how similar the script and the direction are to the original."	3	2	0
Let Me In (film)	There are notable similarities and the spirit of Tomas Alfredson is present.	4	0	1
Let Me In (film)	"It's not a reimagining; the same beats [are there, maybe the scares are a little bit more scary."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	I don't call it his remake or his re-imagining of it.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	It really reminds me of my childhood.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Or should this be sentimental?	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Faden stated, Normally in such a scene, the character would be shot on set, dressed in blood."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"This remake, by contrast, smells of boardrooms and calculating machines."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	The soundtrack was composed by Michael Giacchino.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In has received great critical acclaim .	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 88% based on reviews from 205 critics, with an average score of 7.6/10."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Overture Films released promotional items placed in small plastic evidence bags.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Not just a horror film, but the best American horror film in the last 20 years."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Roger Moore of Orlando Sentinel gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, stating, Reeves has Americanized a very good foreign film without defanging it."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Matt Reeves was then signed to direct and write the screenplay.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In was not well received by all critics.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	The film's budget was estimated to be $20 million.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	How would you fit in?	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Or should it be emotional?	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"I think it could be a really touching, haunting and terrifying film."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"It is at once artful and unpretentious, more interested in intimacy and implication than in easy scares or slick effects."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Let the Right One In is a great Swedish movie.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	I said... that we shouldn't remake it.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	That was important.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	It's not like we're remaking Lawrence of Arabia.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	It's a terrific movie and a fantastic book.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"The filmmakers have noted that they intend to forge a unique identity for Let Me In, placing it firmly in an American context, while at the same time paying respect to the original."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Reeves stated, The idea of Reagan's 'evil empire' speech and that whole sort of school of thought was that evil was something that was outside of us."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Giacchino stated that scoring the film was a difficult balancing act for some scenes.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"It's a mixture of details from the book, the original film and things that grew out of adapting it."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Shortly before filming, Reeves sought advice from Steven Spielberg for directing child actors."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film's soundtrack album.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Houdini software was used for much of the film's shots which involved Abby in her vampiric form.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"The studio's supervisor Sean Faden, worked alongside the film's visual effects supervisor, Brad Parker throughout the production."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	The consensus is that similar to the original in all the right ways — but with enough changes to stand on its own — Let Me In is the rare Hollywood remake that doesn't add insult to inspiration.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"He mentioned, I was always trying to say, 'let's take music out!' and Matt [Reeves was like, 'no, put it in!'"	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	It's a spellbinder.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"In adapting the story for American audiences, Reeves stated that keeping the 1980s time period within the film was critical in exploring the theme of good and evil."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Or should it be this?	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Some disputed Reeves' claims that he was not remaking the film but re-adapting the book, criticizing it for being too similar to the Swedish film."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"If one should remake a film, it's because the original is bad."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Evil was 'Other,' it was over there, it was the Soviets."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Like the Swedish movie it made me cry, but not at the same points."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Actress Chloë Grace Moretz was first shot with minimal prosthetic blood applied to her face for reference.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Marc Andreyko will write the comic.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"The series, titled Let Me In: Crossroads, is a prequel to the film."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"In April 2010, it was announced that Hammer Film Productions and Dark Horse Comics are producing a four-issue comic book limited series based on the film."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"It was released by Varèse Sarabande on October 12, 2010."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	I might just be the luckiest writer alive.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"I'm really excited about what it could be, he said."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	The decision to make a new film adaptation has been criticized by Tomas Alfredson.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	Again.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Principal photography began in early November 2009, and concluded in January 2010."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"And I don't think mine is, he said."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"Well, color me blushing and Prepare to be wowed."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	The humanity of that.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	He said:	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"After viewing Bright Star, he hired Greig Fraser as his cinematographer because he admired Fraser's work with natural light on the film."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	A. O. Scott of The New York Times wrote what makes 'Let Me In' so eerily fascinating is the mood it creates.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	But Let Me In puts the emotional pressure in different places and stands firmly on its own legs.	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"John Ajvide Lindqvist, author of Let the Right One In, who also wrote the screenplay for the original Swedish film, was pleased with Let Me In."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"To have not only one, but two excellent versions of my debut novel done for the screen feels unreal."	4	1	0
Let Me In (film)	"He later said, I call it his [Reeves' version."	5	0	0
Let Me In (film)	Let Me In is a great American movie.	5	0	0
Let Me In (film)	Several of the film's scenes proved to be a challenge for the team.	5	0	0
Let Me In (film)	Acclaimed horror author Stephen King wrote Let Me In is a genre-busting triumph.	5	0	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Several stunt performers were injured after falling from the mountains, as the falls proved too difficult to control."	1	2	2
Lone Survivor (film)	"CinemaScore polls conducted during Lone Survivor '​s opening weekend of wide release reported that male and female audiences gave the film a rare A+ (on an A+ to F scale), with exit polls showing that 57% of the audience was male, while 57% was at least 30 years of age or older."	1	2	2
Lone Survivor (film)	"In preparing to shoot Lone Survivor, Schliessler was inspired by British-American photojournalist Tim Hetherington's war photography book Infidel, which details a single U.S. platoon, assigned to an outpost in the Korengal Valley during the war in Afghanistan."	0	5	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"To avoid further production costs, Berg directed Lone Survivor for the minimum salary allowed under Directors Guild of America rules—$17,000 a week— and was able to convince several cast and crew members to lower their asking prices."	0	5	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Mohammad Gulab, the Afghan villager who helped rescue Luttrell, also attended the premiere, marking his first time in New York City and in a movie theatre."	0	5	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The Santa Fe National Forest's rocky terrain and steep inclines proved difficult for conventional camera equipment—such as cranes and dollies—which resulted in much of the film's scenes being shot by the camera operators, who were rigged to aerial ski lifts above the action.:26"	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Zarin Mohammad Rahimi, who acted as a technical advisor during production, appears as an elderly shepherd who discovers the four-man SEAL team during the mission; Nicholas Patel and Daniel Arroyo play the goat herders who assist the shepherd.:2"	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor received two Academy Award nominations for Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing, although the film failed to win any of the awards; at the 86th Academy Awards, the film had lost in both categories to Gravity."	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	Lone Survivor grossed over $149.2 million in box-office revenue worldwide—of which $125 million was from North America.	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"In reality, Luttrell explained that his legs were numb immediately after the ambush, and when feeling did return to them, the pain from the shrapnel in his legs made it too painful to walk; he had to crawl seven miles looking for water and sanctuary."	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"With its opening weekend gross, Lone Survivor had become the highest-grossing film among recent post-9/11 war films, surpassing the 2009 film Brothers, which ended its domestic theatrical run with over $28.5 million."	1	3	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor held its red carpet premiere on December 3, 2013 at the Ziegfeld Theatre in New York City, where the film received a standing ovation."	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"During filming, there were some dialogue changes in comparison to Berg's script, as the filmmaker occasionally encouraged the actors to improvise their lines."	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The United States Marine Corps provided thirty Marine Corps reservists for scenes set in Bagram Airfield and Jalalabad.:27	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell survived because of the age old tradition of the Pashtun culture in providing hospitality and safety to those that enter their home, she explained."	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg recalled, Some guys got hurt, some guys got bumped up and ribs were broken, a lung was punctured, some concussions, but these guys were determined to try and do everything they could to capture what Marcus described in the book."	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The location we picked was on top of the ski area above 12,000 feet in Santa Fe, and the high altitude made it extremely physically demanding, Schleissler explained."	1	4	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In addition to the following list of awards and nominations, the film was named one of the ten best films of 2013 by the Las Vegas Film Critics Society, who also ranked it as the Best Action Film of 2013."	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Prior to filming, Schleissler and Berg shot test footage with the digital cameras and brought it to digital colorist Stefan Sonnenfeld at post-production facility Company 3 for color grading.:4"	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"In North America, Lone Survivor is the twenty-fourth highest grossing film of 2013, and the sixth highest-grossing R-rated film of that year."	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	Stofksy noted that a total of 36 cookie cutter uniforms were produced for Mark Wahlberg’s character Marcus Luttrell.	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	Berg later embedded with a Navy SEAL team—becoming the first civilian to do so—and lived with them for a month in Iraq while he continued writing the screenplay.	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"The Rahimis collaborated with Stofsky, as well as the wardrobe and casting departments to help them understand the language, customs and fighting methods of the Pashtun villagers and Taliban fighters."	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	Multiple branches of the United States Armed Forces supplied the Lone Survivor production with military vehicles.	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor has received various awards and nominations, in categories ranging from recognition of the film itself to its screenplay, direction, stunts and sound editing, to the performance of its lead actor, Mark Wahlberg."	2	2	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Justin Chang, writing for Variety magazine, gave the film a positive review and called it the most grueling and sustained American combat picture since Black Hawk Down, as well as a prime example of how impressive physical filmmaking can overcome even fundamental deficiencies in script and characterization."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Editing and post-production work on Lone Survivor took roughly seven months to complete.:3	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	As the four-man SEAL team are fighting and withdrawing down a rocky slope one of them encounters a large rattlesnake which is heard rattling before it is seen on screen.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Parker edited Lone Survivor during principal photography, but was not on location."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In re-enacting the events of Operation Red Wings, Berg drew much of his screenplay from Luttrell's eyewitness accounts in the book, as well as autopsy and incident reports related to the mission."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The premiere also doubled as a tribute to the fallen servicemen of Operation Red Wings; in addition to several cast and crew members, Marcus Luttrell and family members of the deceased were in attendance."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The production occupied two 26,000 square feet (2,400&#160;m2) stages in the facility for interior scenes and bluescreen work.:28"	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In addition, as part of the negative pickup deal with Universal, Lone Survivor '​s producers—Berg, Aubrey, Spikings, Goldsman, Emmett, Wahlberg, Levinson, Norton Herrick and Vitaly Grigoriants—contributed at least $1 million each to finance production costs."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"He expressed that the screenings were not a marketing ploy, explaining that it was just a cool thing to do. Lone Survivor was screened to the Dallas Cowboys, Denver Broncos, Carolina Panthers, and Cleveland Browns as well as the University of Alabama Crimson Tide football team."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Songs featured in the film include Canned Heat by Jamiroquai,:9 and Heroes performed by Peter Gabriel and the New Blood Orchestra:9 which is played at the end of the film during a four-minute montage that features actual photos and videos of the fallen servicemen."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Geoff Pevere wrote in his review for The Globe and Mail, The sensation of being pinned down and shot apart is so harrowingly conveyed...that one almost forgives the movie’s failure to be quite as persuasive in almost every other respect."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Stofsky and the wardrobe department collaborated with the Hollywood-based costume facility Western Costume to find the right fabric for the military uniforms.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film received two Academy Award nominations for Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Still photographs shown during the opening credits sequence were taken from Richard D. Schoenberg's war photography book The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday: Making Navy SEALs.:9	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"With Lone Survivor, Berg continued his trademark of having war veterans as part of his film crew."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Alonso Duralde, writing for The Wrap, stated, The film never makes a grand statement about whether or not the war in Afghanistan is, per se, a mistake, but it does portray war itself as a disgusting folly."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In fact, Marcus Luttrell wrote in his book that only one of the goat herders was a teenage boy, not two."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD formats on June 3, 2014 by Universal Studios Home Entertainment in the United States, and by Entertainment One in Canada."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Leonard Maltin described the film as visceral, while praising Berg, the main actors, and the stunt performers for successfully reenacting the events of Operation Red Wings."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"While researching the time period, Stofsky met with the fallen servicemen's families, as well as Navy SEAL teammates."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The film remained in second place during its third weekend, grossing an additional $12,900,960, which was a 41.5% decrease from its second weekend."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Berg first learned of the book Lone Survivor in 2007 while he was filming Hancock.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In addition, senior military advisor Harry Humphries, a former Navy SEAL who had worked with Berg on Hancock and The Kingdom, served as an associate producer.:27"	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Prior to writing the screenplay, Berg met with the families of the deceased."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor is a 2013 American war film written and directed by Peter Berg, and starring Mark Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Emile Hirsch, Ben Foster and Eric Bana."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Berg first screened Lone Survivor to a number of professional American football teams to generate a strong word-of-mouth for the film.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In re-enacting the injuries and deaths of the fallen Navy SEAL servicemen, Berg relied on Luttrell's eyewitness accounts from the book, as well as autopsy reports of the deceased and after action reports."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In recreating the Hindu Kush mountain range that stretches between Afghanistan and Pakistan, the film crew shot at 10 separate locations in the national forest.:22"	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Principal photography commenced in October 2012 and concluded in November after 42 days; filming took place in New Mexico.:25–	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The eldest Rahimi also played the role of an elderly shepherd in a crucial scene.:26	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In designing the uniforms for the Pashtun people and Taliban forces, Stofsky aimed to create a visual distinction between the villagers and Taliban fighters."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Universal Pictures secured the film rights in August 2007 after bidding against other major film studios.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor '​s opening weekend gross made it the second largest debut for any film released widely in January, after the 2008 film Cloverfield '​s opening weekend gross of $40.1 million."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"By its seventh weekend, Lone Survivor had dropped out of the top ten, earning an additional $1,978,380."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In Luttrell’s original after-action report, he stated that he and his teammates were attacked by 20-35 insurgents, while his book places the number at over 200."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The equipment enabled Schleissler to overlook every shot of the film in the EC3 trailer.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film is based on the 2007 nonfiction book of the same name by Marcus Luttrell with Patrick Robinson.	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The film rights to the book had become the subject of a bidding war among a host of established film studios, including Warner Bros., Sony Pictures Entertainment, Paramount Pictures, DreamWorks and Universal Pictures."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The summary of action for Lt. Murphy's posthumous Medal of Honor describes the enemy force as numbering more than 50, while the official citation puts the number at between 30 and 40 enemy fighters."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In what the film industry calls a platform release, Lone Survivor was released in a small number of theaters before opening wide in other countries; it opened in New York and Los Angeles on December 25, 2013 before being released across North America on January 10, 2014."	2	3	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In total, the film has over 400 visual effects shots."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Outside of North America, the film's biggest markets were in Australia, the United Kingdom, Spain, Japan, France, South Korea and Germany; the film grossed approximately $3.5 million in Australia, $3.4 million in the United Kingdom, $2.5 million in Spain, $2.2 million in Japan, $1.5 million in France, $1.2 million in South Korea, and $1 million in Germany."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"The film saw a significant drop in attendance during its second weekend of wide release; it had earned $6,665,470, which was a 135.4% increase from its opening Friday."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"It grossed an additional $7,096,330 during its fourth weekend, moving to fifth place in the top 10 rankings."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Set during the war in Afghanistan, Lone Survivor dramatizes the failed United States Navy SEALs counter-insurgent mission Operation Red Wings, during which a four-man SEAL reconnaissance and surveillance team was tasked to track down and kill Taliban leader Ahmad Shah."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"By its sixth weekend, the film went from fifth place to ninth, earning $4,086,435."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor '​s limited release in the United States saw it take $153,839—an average of $45,436 per theater—in its first five days."	3	1	1
Lone Survivor (film)	"Eight days were spent on mountains ranging from 11,000&#160;to 12,000 feet (3,400–3,700&#160;m)."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	They also practiced shoot move cover drills that would improve their muscle memory and enable them to react convincingly as Navy SEALs during filming.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film received a generally positive response from several football players who took to social media to praise the film.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The screenplay describes “A solid line of at least fifty Taliban in firing positions on top of the hill above them.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"While the book Lone Survivor chronicles Marcus Luttrell's 1999 enlistment and training, as well as his 2005 deployment to Afghanistan, Berg decided that the film adaptation would focus mainly on the events of the failed United States Navy SEALs mission Operation Red Wings, as well as the bonding and camaraderie of Luttrell and his fallen teammates.:17"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"But we don't really get to know any of them, or what they might bring personally to this life-or-death emergency."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The studio had also acquired the United States distribution rights as part of a negative pickup deal with the film's producers.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Stunt coordinator and second unit director Kevin Scott was tasked with depicting the four Navy SEALs tumbling down rugged terrain with sixty-degree inclines.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"After Berg had read the book, he and Aubrey arranged several meetings with Luttrell to discuss a film adaptation."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The book's images became a guide to creating the overall look of the film after Schliessler had shown them to Berg, as well as the art and costume departments.:2"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The location’s wooded areas were used to film several battle scenes, and the art department built sets to create an Afghan village occupied by Ahmad Shah (Yousuf Azami) and his Taliban insurgents, as well as a Pashtun village where Luttrell (Mark Wahlberg) is rescued.:26"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Stofsky also had a New Mexico-based tailor produce all of the turbans featured in the film.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Universal held an open casting call in Los Angeles, aiding in the filmmakers' search for supporting actors, extras, photo doubles and stand-ins."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	ILM was only responsible for creating a helicopter crash sequence in the film.:3	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"As a result, Lone Survivor went from first to second place behind the action-comedy film Ride Along."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	There were only a few real buildings and from that they built out a larger base.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Universal eventually secured the rights in August 2007 for more than $2 million.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Principal photography began in October 2012 and concluded in November after 42 days; filming took place on location in New Mexico, using digital cinematography."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	American post-rock band Explosions in the Sky scored the film with music composer Steve Jablonsky.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Filming then moved to the Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque, New Mexico, which doubled for scenes set in Bagram Airfield, a U.S. military base in Afghanistan.:27"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor opened in limited release in the United States on December 25, 2013, before opening across North America on January 10, 2014, to strong financial success and a generally positive critical response."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"To produce the many injuries received by the four-man SEAL team, the filmmakers recruited KNB Effects team Gregory Nicotero and Howard Berger.:25"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor has received largely positive reviews from film critics, according to The Hollywood Reporter."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg requested that the sequence be done by ILM, who had also worked on his previous film Battleship."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film's special effects supervisor Bruno van Zeebroeck created RPG explosions and bullet hits for the battle sequences that occur in the roads around Gulab's home.:26	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film shows Luttrell (Wahlberg) being able to walk after the Taliban’s ambush on the four-man SEAL team.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"While praising the film for its visuals and sound effects, as well as Berg's atmospheric direction, Kyle Smith of the New York Post gave Lone Survivor a mixed review."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In reality, the Taliban fighters were outnumbered by the villagers and had no intentions of attacking the village."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor was director of photography Tobias Schliessler's fifth collaboration with Berg,:51 as well as Berg's first film shot with digital cinematography."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Ali Suliman, who previously collaborated with Berg on the 2007 film The Kingdom, plays Mohammad Gulab, an Afghan villager;:43 Alexander Ludwig plays Navy SEAL Machinist's Mate Shane Patton.:2"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Not having the studio there every day ... I respect Universal and get along great with them, but we were on our own completely, and in many ways, it was a more autonomous experience."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Colby Parker Jr. served as editor, having previously worked with Berg on editing Battleship."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The film grossed an additional $326,685 on the following weekend."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg sets up the cathartic moments we’re used to in movies like this, but then he pulls out the rug, reminding us that the cavalry doesn’t always miraculously show up in time to save the day."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The two visual effects companies for Lone Survivor were Industrial Light &amp; Magic (ILM) and Image Engine,:3 with overall supervision by Jesper Kjölsrud and Grady Cofer.:3"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Several reviewers criticized Lone Survivor for focusing more on its action scenes than on characterization.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"According to Stofsky, what the fallen servicemen wore back then is no longer current issue, as the United States Armed Forces stopped manufacturing the uniforms in 2006."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In the United Kingdom, the film was released on both home video formats on June 9, 2014."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"“When you’re doing that on a true hillside, you don’t have a choice."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The website's consensus reads, A true account of military courage and survival, Lone Survivor wields enough visceral power to mitigate its heavy-handed jingoism."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"He first appears as a SEAL teammate who lightheartedly hazes Patton, then during a briefing scene where he is seen shaking his head when the Rules of Engagement are being explained, and later as one of the servicemen who perishes when an CH-47 Chinook is shot down."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"While based on true events, a number of historical inaccuracies in the film have been noted."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Stofsky utilized a North Hollywood-based Afghan vendor, Moe Noorzai, for traditional Afghan clothing including vests, pants, dresses and Kashmir scarves."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In creating sound effects for the environment of each scene, Stateman relied on foley design, rather than traditional sound effects."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Parker spent six months editing Lone Survivor at the Lantana Entertainment Media Campus in Santa Monica, California.: The editorial department used four Avid Media Composer systems to edit the film."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Though Berg's source material isn't the New Testament, he often handles Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell's account...with the thunderous reverence Mel Gibson brought to Christ's crucifixion and resurrection."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Released to a total of 2,875 theatres in the United States and Canada, Lone Survivor grossed $14,403,750 on its opening day, and by the end of its opening weekend, it had grossed $38,231,471, securing the number one position at the domestic box office."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Todd McCarthy, writing for The Hollywood Reporter, described the film as being rugged, skilled, relentless, determined, narrow-minded and focused, everything that a soldier must be when his life is on the line, while Scott Bowles of USA Today called Lone Survivor brutal, unrelenting and ultimately moving."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Rattlesnakes are found in almost every mainland country of the Americas, from Canada to Argentina, excluding Panama, Ecuador and Chile, but they do not occur outside the Americas."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In his review for The Star-Ledger, Stephen Whitty wrote, This is the sort of bare-bones story that well served plenty of World War II movies once, and it would work here, if Berg had the sense to develop these men as characters, first."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"After Universal secured the rights to distribute Lone Survivor in the United States, executive producer Mark Damon's independent film company Foresight Unlimited took Berg and Emmett to the 2012 Cannes Film Festival to secure worldwide pre-sales for the film."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Digital cinema post-production facility DeLuxe supplied the Lone Survivor production with a 40-foot trailer, known as the EC3 (a joint venture between Company 3 and EFILM)."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell, along with several other Navy SEAL veterans, acted as technical advisors during the production."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Image Engine's effects work consisted mainly of set extensions and location enhancements; scenes were supplemented with computer-generated mountains, buildings, and backgrounds, as well as muzzle flashes for firearms.: Film editor Colby Parker Jr. explained, The sets of the villages were only one or two huts and then Image Engine built everything around those."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"She and her team manufactured uniforms for the film's lead actors, extras, stunt and photo doubles, and military personnel who were also acting as extras."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"It’s humbling to watch this dramatization of the sacrifices these men make, without hesitation."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Early in the film, the four-man SEAL reconnaissance team is discovered by three goat herders—an elderly man and two teenage boys."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Other critics, however, derided the film for focusing more on its action scenes than on characterization."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"When Mark Wahlberg read the script and expressed an interest in portraying Marcus Luttrell, he and his manager Stephen Levinson pitched the concept to producer Randall Emmett, the co-founder of Emmett/Furla Films, during the 2012 filming of 2 Guns—another film starring Wahlberg and produced by Emmett."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The band had previously scored Berg's 2004 film Friday Night Lights, and Jablonsky had previously scored Battleship.:52–53"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Parker then cut the film down to two hours when he realized there was a way to further trim the film.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Military advisor Mark Semos trained the four actors in live-firing exercises so that they could feel the physical impact of firing military rifles.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The United States Army provided the production with two MH-47 Chinooks and two Boeing AH-64 Apaches from Fort Hood, Texas."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Entertainment One distributed Lone Survivor in Canadian markets.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The United States Air Force provided two Sikorsky HH-60 Pave Hawks from the Kirtland Air Force Base, both of which were manned by military personnel and used to depict a combat search and rescue."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Digital imaging technician Jeff Tomcho was tasked with ensuring that the Red Epic cameras were properly set up and successfully capturing the filmed footage.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Scott did not choreograph the stunt work, nor did he have the stunt performers use wires or dummies; he told them to fall 15&#160;to 20 feet (4.6–6.1&#160;m) off cliffs and avoid looking at the ground until right before impact."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Costume designer Amy Stofsky ensured that the military wardrobe seen in the film reflected the 2005 time period.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The film attracted $30 million in worldwide pre-sales to distributors in 40 international markets.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Steve Jablonsky came in at the end to do something more traditional, but when Steve does “traditional,” it’s not the usual strings."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell also expressed that he did not witness the MH-47 Chinook helicopter being shot down, as seen in the film."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Betsy Sharkey, writing for The Los Angeles Times praised the overall look of the film: The production and costume designers have paid a great deal of attention to the details, from the uniforms and tribal robes, to the bullet wounds and blood."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"At the end of the film, the Pashtun villagers fight off a Taliban attack in a firefight that never actually happened."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Film critic Steven Boone, writing for Roger Ebert's website, compared the film's violence to that of Mel Gibson's 2004 film The Passion of the Christ: What's in between amounts to The Passion of the Christ for U.S. servicemen: a bloody historic episode recounted mainly in images of hardy young men being ripped apart, at screeching volume."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The Los Angeles Times reported the critics' consensus was that the film succeeds in bringing the mission to life, although it avoids probing the deeper issues at hand."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Berg however chose to direct Battleship (2012) for Universal before resuming production on Lone Survivor.	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg first learned of Lone Survivor while filming Hancock, and after Aubrey had read the book herself."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The cast is rounded out by Yousuf Azami as Ahmad Shah, a Taliban leader; Sammy Sheik as Taraq, a field commander of the Taliban group; Rich Ting as SO2 James Suh; Dan Bilzerian as Senior Chief Special Operator (SOCS) Daniel Healy; Jerry Ferrara as SGT Hasslert; Scott Elrod as Peter Musselman; Rohan Chand as Gulab's son; and Corey Large as US Navy SEAL Captain Kenney."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell said of the latter scene, I was on the other side of the mountain when those guys came to help me, so getting to die on the helicopter in the movie was a very powerful moment for me."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The United States Navy provided incident reports related to the mission, as well as archive military training footage, which is shown during the film's opening credits sequence.:1"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Although Wahlberg, Kitsch, Hirsch and Foster had physically trained for their roles prior to filming, Luttrell organized a three-week training regimen at a bootcamp in New Mexico, where the actors were trained by elite military personnel in weapons, as well as military communications and tactics.:23"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"After reading Berg's script, Emmett traveled to Los Angeles, where he met with Berg and Aubrey to discuss production of Lone Survivor."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell also viewed a rough cut of Berg's then-upcoming 2007 film The Kingdom, and was impressed by Berg's direction."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"He also collaborated with colorist Adrian Delude in changing the exposure for all cameras used which, according to Schliessler, would have been more difficult when shooting on film.:2"	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The venomous snakes encountered in the rocky valleys of the Pashtun region would be the Saw-scaled viper (Echis carinatus) and the Levant viper (Macrovipera lebetina), with an outside chance of a rare Persian horned viper (Pseudocerastes persicus)."	3	2	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg explained, I always looked to hire vets."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	It's self-serving.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	We ended up doing our own things.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Maltin concluded that the film is a tough movie but a rewarding one.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The motion picture soundtrack for Lone Survivor was released on December 17, 2013 by record label Metropolis Movie Music."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg said, [Jablonsky did the last reel; the band Explosions in the Sky did pretty much did everything else."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Schleissler chose the Red Epic camera due to its compact size and lightweight body.:2	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Principal photography concluded on soundstages at I-25 Studios in Albuquerque.:28	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"They have an emotional, tender quality to their music, even when it gets aggressive."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Company 3 carried out the digital intermediate.:7	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Also in dispute is the number of Taliban fighters involved in the ambush.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Peter Berg was determined to do justice to them, and he has succeeded."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Jablonsky said of the collaboration, It was great."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Sound editing and mixing work took place at Todd Soundelux, with Wylie Stateman serving as the supervising sound editor."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Berg shot Lone Survivor with creative autonomy as Universal did not fully oversee the film's production.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Goldsman however did not believe he was the right screenwriter for the project; he suggested that Peter Berg write and direct the film.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"One of the film's strongest detractors was Time Out magazine's Keith Uhlich, who called the film war porn of the highest order."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell also did not go into cardiac arrest after he was rescued, nor was he near death, as seen in the film."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The first cut of the film was two-and-a-half hours long.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Same for the SEAL base.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"“My research started with meeting the families of the SEAL teammates who were killed, he said."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The bluescreen work involved scenes depicting a CH-47 Chinook in a gimbal, and a 4-foot scale model of a Hindu Kush mountain cliff built by the art department team in Los Angeles, California.::1"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Rafer Guzman of Newsday wrote, The movie seems more concerned with military-style action than with telling us who these fallen heroes really were."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Following publication of Marcus Luttrell and Patrick Robinson's nonfiction book Lone Survivor (2007), producer Barry Spikings met Luttrell’s attorney, Alan Schwartz, who was interested in adapting the book to film.: Schwartz suggested that Spikings's son-in-law, Akiva Goldsman, write the screenplay."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor had an estimated production budget of $40–50 million; three production companies, Emmett/Furla Films, Herrick Entertainment and Envision Entertainment, collaborated to co-finance the film."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor remained in fifth place during its fifth weekend, grossing an additional $5,565,860, which was a 21.6% decrease from the previous weekend."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures International released the film in the Philippines on January 8, 2014."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Filming first took place at the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of the Santa Fe National Forest.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Schliessler intended to shoot Lone Survivor with Arri Alexa cameras, but instead shot the film with Red Epic digital cameras, using Fujinon and Angénieux lenses.:2"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	He arranged several meetings with Luttrell to discuss adapting the book to film.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Stateman recorded on-location sound during filming, placing microphones on the actors' backpacks and clothing so [the viewers would hear explosions and bullets going by as though [they were with these guys as they were being attacked."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Zarin Mohammad Rahimi, an Afghan refugee who fled to the United States to avoid the Taliban, and his sons, Muhammad Nawroz Rahimi and Nawaz Rahimi were hired to act as technical advisors during production."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"During a briefing, early in the film, an officer states that a SEAL on a previous mission in the Afghan mountains was bitten by a rattlesnake."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Another review aggregator, Metacritic, assigned the film a weighted average score of 60 out of 100, based on 44 reviews from mainstream critics, indicating to be mixed or average reviews."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell and several other Navy SEAL veterans acted as technical advisors, while multiple branches of the United States Armed Forces aided the film's production."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Berg had discussed the project with Wahlberg, Taylor Kitsch, Emile Hirsch and Ben Foster years earlier.:22"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"[Berg caught me with his attention to detail, he said, and how he portrayed the enemy in the film.:"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor grossed $125,095,601 in the United States and Canada; coupled with its international take of $24,200,000, the film accumulated $149,295,601 in worldwide box office totals."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"They did, however, try to sneak in and capture Luttrell in secret."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"The art department built the character Gulab's house, as well as interiors for Bagram Airfield's patrol base Camp Ouellette."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"I didn’t want the score to be overly aggressive, I wanted it to be haunting and emotional."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"After directing Battleship for Universal in 2012, Berg returned to work on Lone Survivor."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	":9 To aid Nicotero and Berger in recreating the injuries of the fallen servicemen, Berg provided autopsy reports of the deceased.:28"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"But selfishly, vets have turned out to be some of the hardest working people."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Most critics praised Berg's direction, as well as the acting, story, visuals and battle sequences."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"However, by the end of its second weekend, the film earned $25,929,570, a 41.7% overall decrease from the previous weekend."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Spikings and Goldsman passed the book on to Berg's producing partner Sarah Aubrey.:16	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Pre-release tracking estimated that Lone Survivor would gross between $17 and $28 million during its opening weekend of wide release.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"I didn't work directly with them because they're in Austin, Texas and I'm in L.A. I spoke to them on the phone and I think sixty, sixty‑five percent of the scores is them."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"To provide authenticity, Luttrell moved into Berg’s home for one month while Berg was writing the script."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	He created a wonderful sound at the very end.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The production received a 25% tax credit for filming in the state.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"A gala premiere screening of Lone Survivor was held during the AFI Film Festival at the TCL Chinese Theatre on November 12, 2013."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Marcus Luttrell appears in the film in an uncredited role.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"In August 2012, it was announced that Alexander Ludwig and Eric Bana had joined the cast."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	[Berg wanted the audience to be as close to our characters and as close to the action as possible to experience the extreme circumstances our war heroes had to go through emotionally and physically.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	The only thing stopping the stunt people from dropping another thousand feet down the hillside was padding set up just outside of the shot.”	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes sampled 195 reviews, and gave the film a score rating of 75%, with an average score of 6.6/10."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	We tried to not have two totally different sounding scores.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Lone Survivor completed its theatrical run in North America on April 10, 2014 after 107 days (15.3 weeks) of release."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Filming for Lone Survivor was scheduled to start on September 15, 2012."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Luttrell acted as a consultant, detailing to Berg his eyewitness account of the events that unfolded during Operation Red Wings.:17"	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	It certainly adds to the film's verisimilitude.	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Smith concluded his review by describing it as a movie about an irrelevant skirmish that ended in near-total catastrophe, during a war we are not winning."	4	1	0
Lone Survivor (film)	And not just because I'm a generous person.	5	0	0
Lone Survivor (film)	Gravity takes over.	5	0	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"Production moved to Chilili, New Mexico for two weeks of filming."	5	0	0
Lone Survivor (film)	"“We had to say, ‘Jump off the rock, land however you land, and go with it,’” he said."	5	0	0
Lone Survivor (film)	And it was obviously a traumatic and violent and exhausting experience.	5	0	0
Man of Steel (film)	Warner Bros. enlisted a Christian-based marketing firm Grace Hill Media to help spread the Christian themes of the film to the religious demographics.	0	5	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Many reviewers have stated that Man of Steel is a religious allegory, especially since Warner Bros set up a website www.manofsteelresources.com that contains a nine-page pamphlet entitled Jesus – the Original Superhero."	2	1	2
Man of Steel (film)	"Guillermo del Toro, with whom Goyer worked on Blade II, turned down the director's position on the reboot because of his commitment on a film adaptation of At the Mountains of Madness, while Robert Zemeckis was also approached."	1	4	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Due to the substantial weight a practical suit would yield, the Kryptonian armor for General Zod was constructed through CGI to allow Shannon freedom of movement."	1	4	0
Man of Steel (film)	Warner Bros. asked Professor Craig Detweiler of Pepperdine University to create a Superman-centric sermon outline for pastors titled 'Jesus: The Original Superhero.'	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"The opening-day gross was the second highest for a non-sequel, and the 20th largest overall."	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"As of March 2014, Man of Steel has sold 2,172,162 DVDs along with 2,930,279 Blu-ray Discs totaling $38,344,613 and $59,721,431 respectively for a total of $98,066,"	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	The film eventually earned $44.0 million during its opening Friday (including midnight grosses) and $56.1 million when the Thursday night showings are included.	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"Its opening weekend gross of $116.6 million was the third-highest of 2013, behind Iron Man 3 ($174.1 million) and The Hunger Games: Catching Fire ($158.1 million), and the third-highest among non-sequels, behind Marvel's The Avengers ($207.4 million) and The Hunger Games ($152.5 million)."	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"Dubbed enviro-cam, the visual effects crew would mount a Canon EOS 5D and a motorized nodal head, allowing the crew to capture the environment at a 360-degree angle with 55k resolution for every shot, the process would take approximately two to four minutes."	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"On November 20, 2012, for the release of The Dark Knight Rises DVD and Blu-ray, Warner Bros. launched a countdown on the film's website where fans could share the countdown on websites like Facebook or Twitter to unlock an exclusive reward."	2	2	1
Man of Steel (film)	"Regarding the battle between Superman and Zod, Double Negative implemented real photography onto its digital doubles."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	The site's consensus reads: Man of Steel provides exhilarating action and spectacle to overcome its detours into generic blockbuster territory.	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"It's a six-still camera rig that's built on a pipe rig so that you can run it in at the end of a setup and get stills of key frames of a performance or an expression, said Desjardin, and then we could use those hi-res stills to project onto the CG double and get really accurate transition lighting and color—right from the set."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter said rebooting the franchise again was unnecessary, but that the film was confident enough and Snyder's attention to detail careful enough that audiences could overlook another reboot."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Audience polls in North America from CinemaScore for the film tallied an average grade of an A- (on a scale of A+ to F), with those under the age of 18 and older than 50 giving it an A average."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The costume preserves the color scheme and S logo, but adopts darker tones, and notably does not feature the red trunks usually worn by Superman."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	The film has reportedly earned over $160 million from promotional tie-ins.	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The Chicago shoot was a unit project, meaning that filming could partake numerous establishing shots as well as cutaways and may not necessarily include principal cast members."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"On Metacritic, the film has received a weighted score of 55/100 based on 47 reviews, which translates on the site to mixed or average reviews."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In 2009, a court ruling resulted in Jerry Siegel's family recapturing the rights to Superman's origins and Siegel's copyright."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	The film set an opening-day record in the Philippines with $1.66 million.	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Development began in 2008 when Warner Bros. Pictures took pitches from comic book writers, screenwriters and directors, opting to reboot the franchise."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"After the animation, artists duplicated the beads onto the animated geometry for a pre-simulated lighting version to get approval on how the object would read."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Impressed with Goyer's concept, Nolan pitched the idea to the studio, who hired Nolan to produce and Goyer to write based on the financial and critical success of The Dark Knight."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"For the first act of the film taking place on the planet Krypton, Weta Digital placed alien-like planet environments, creatures and the principal means of display—a technology the filmmakers called liquid geometry."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Zack Snyder wanted the film to appear very natural because there’s some very fantastical things in there and he wanted people to suspend their disbelief, and we the visual effects team had to make it as easy as possible for them to do so."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	A camera rig would then obtain key frames of the choreographed actor.	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"So we would do that animation with the characters—grappling, punching or flying away—and we would take the real guys up until the point until they were supposed to do that and we'd cut."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The decision stated that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films, but if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011, then the Shuster and Siegel estates would be able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel was released on two-disc DVD, and respective Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D combo packs on November 12,  and on December 2, 2013 in UK."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"If say Superman was being punched and would land 50 meters away, we would shoot our start position and end position, and then bridge that gap with the CG takeovers, says Guillaume Rocheron, the MPC visual effects supervisor."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"To completely distinguish Man of Steel from the previous films, the iconic Superman March by John Williams was not used."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Warner Bros. and DC Comics won the rights to the domain name manofsteel.com, in use by a member of the public, for use for the film's official website."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In anticipation of the film, Mattel unveiled a toy line which includes Movie Masters action figures."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Principal photography began on August 1, 2011, at an industrial park near DuPage Airport under the codename Autumn Frost."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	A viral site called IWillFindHim.com was released that showed a countdown to the third trailer for the film.	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Ben Affleck, Darren Aronofsky, Duncan Jones, Jonathan Liebesman, Matt Reeves, and Tony Scott were considered as potential directors, before Zack Snyder was hired in October 2010."	2	3	0
Man of Steel (film)	Special trailers were created outlining the religious tones.	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"In the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malta, Man of Steel earned $5.6 million on its opening day and £11.2 million ($17.47 million) on its opening weekend."	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel earned $291,045,518 in North America and an estimated $377,000,000 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $668,045, making it the highest-grossing Superman film to date, and the second-highest-grossing reboot of all time behind The Amazing Spider-Man, although it did beat The Amazing Spider-Man domestically."	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"The film became a box office success, grossing $668,045,518 worldwide, and received mixed reviews."	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"The film earned $116.6 million on its opening weekend, including $17.5 million from IMAX theaters."	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel filmed in the Chicago area, California and Burnaby's Mammoth Studios was transformed into Superman's home planet of Krypton and myriad extraterrestrial aircraft."	3	1	1
Man of Steel (film)	"The Incredible Hulk has proven the audience will forgive you and let you redo the franchise, said Waid."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Nolan admired Bryan Singer's work on Superman Returns for its connection to Richard Donner's version, stating that A lot of people have approached Superman in a lot of different ways."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In February 2009, McG, who previously planned to direct Superman: Flyby, expressed interest in returning to the Superman franchise."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times said that Man of Steel covered no new ground with regard to Superman films, and instead, we're plunged back into a mostly underwhelming film, with underdeveloped characters and supercharged fight scenes that drag on and offer nothing new in the way of special-effects creativity."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Digital armor was also added, along with the energy-based Kryptonian helmets."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Double Negative also used the in-house fluids tool Squirt to handle larger scale sims and interaction for more tightly-coupled volumes and particles.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The film has a score of 55% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 287 reviews, with an average rating of 6.2/10."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Jim Vejvoda of IGN gave Man of Steel a 9 out of 10 while praising the action sequences and the performances of Kevin Costner, Russell Crowe and Michael Shannon."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"However, he criticizes Clark's relationship with Lois for lacking chemistry."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"On December 10, 2012, a website appeared at dsrwproject.com that provided audio signals to be decoded by viewers."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The following month, Snyder confirmed at San Diego Comic-Con International that the sequel to Man of Steel would have Superman and Batman meeting for the first time in a cinematic format."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Justin Craig compares Kal-El's struggle to the passion of Christ, stating that Kal-El is more than willing to sacrifice himself to save the people of Earth."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Full-screen digital doubles were a major component for the fighting sequences.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	So then we had a set of high-res stills for the environment and the characters.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	It was discovered to be related to the film due to the copyright on the website.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Metro lands on Vancouver's North Shore waterfront hosted the shoot for the dramatic oil rig rescue that introduces audiences to Superman.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Morrison's idea was similar to his work on All-Star Superman, while Waid's was akin to Superman: Birthright."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The official site continued to be updated with new static files that slowly revealed the symbol for the film's villain, General Zod."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"He elaborated, Everyone is waiting for Nolan to sign on for another Batman, once that happens, the release date for Superman and all other future projects will follow."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In the modeling and animation aspect of the liquid geometry, Goodwin explained, We had to develop a pipeline to bring in assets, so instead of going through the route of reducing the polygon count to something usable what we would then do—you would take the model in whatever way it was made and just scatter discrete points onto it, and extract the matrix onto the animation and copy these points onto the matrix and have these sparse points behaving in a way that the model would."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In late April 2013, the official track listing of the two-disc deluxe edition was revealed."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	The sequences where Superman utilizes close-combat fight scenes with the other Kryptonians proved to be a major challenge for the filmmakers and the visual effects crew.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"However, in June 2012, it was confirmed that Zimmer would, in fact, be writing the film's musical score."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The work we were doing was based around the Downtowns for New York, L.A. and Chicago and that gave us the building volumes for heights."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Before Jor-El sends his son off to Earth baby Moses-style, he tells his wife that, like Jesus, 'He’ll be a god to them.'"	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	August 2009 saw a court ruling in which Jerry Siegel's family recaptured 50% of the rights to Superman's origins and Siegel's share of the copyright in Action Comics#1.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"For the destruction of the buildings, the studio rewrote its own asset system to focus towards its dynamic events."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"On the other hand, barring Lois Lane’s own knowledge of the dual nature of Clark and Superman (thus depriving one of fiction’s greatest reveals), the hero we see in the final moments of Man of Steel is nothing if not the character Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster created… with just a bit more in the 'imperfections' column."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Nolan, however, clarified that the new film would not have any relationship with the previous film series."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel held a red carpet premiere on June 10, 2013 at the Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall in New York City, which featured the attendance of the principal cast members."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Weta Digital visual effects supervisor Dan Lemmon explained that, It’s a bunch of silver beads that are suspended through a magnetic field, and the machine is able to control that magnetic field so that the collection of beads behave almost like three-dimensional pixels, and they can create a surface that floats in the air and describes whatever the thing is you’re supposed to be seeing."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Desjardin explained, When we do these fights and these hyper-real things, we don’t want to do the traditional, 'OK I’m a cameraman, I'm shooting a clean plate, I'm going to pan over here to follow the action that’s not really there yet but we'll put the action in later."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"One of the advantages of this was that, because it was all based around a limited number of input components, you can make sure they're modeled in a way they’re usable in effects—you can model something but they'll be another stage to rig it for destruction."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In June 2008, Warner Bros. took pitches from comic book writers, screenwriters and directors on how to successfully restart the Superman film series."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"We wanted to be able to run an RBD event and trigger all these secondary events, whether it was glass or dust simulations—all of those things needed to be chained up and handled in a procedural way, said Wright."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Plans included for the film to contain references to the existence of other superheroes, alluding to the possibility of a further DC Universe, and setting the tone for a shared fictional universe of DC Comics characters on film."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The super part of Man of Steel is just okay, but the man part is super."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Hans Zimmer initially denied popular rumors that he would be composing the film's score.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"That was a much more sci-fi based role, said Double Negative visual effects supervisor Ged Wright, “so we took what they had done and extended it a great deal."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Sims were then run on all the targets which would be discrete beads floating around on top of the surface which would have its own set of parameters, said Goodwin."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In a review on Roger Ebert's website, Matt Zoller Seitz awarded the film three out of four stars, calling it an astonishing movie and praising the conflict between Clark and Zod."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Producer Christopher Nolan pitched Goyer's idea after story discussion on The Dark Knight Rises, and Snyder was hired as the film's director in October 2010."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Now the plan is just to reintroduce Superman without regard to a Batman and Superman movie at all. Paul Levitz stated in an interview that Batman holds the key to the Superman reboot.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"An unofficial rip of the musical score from the third trailer, entitled An Ideal of Hope, confirmed to be a cut-down version of the track What Are You Going to Do When You Are Not Saving the World?, was released on April 19, 2013."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"I only know the way that has worked for us that's what I know how to do, emphasizing the idea that Batman exists in a world where he is the only superhero and a similar approach to the Man of Steel would assure the integrity needed for the film."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Weta utilized RenderMan to take advantage of improved ray tracing and instancing objects.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel earned $73.3 million on its opening weekend from 24 countries, which includes $4.2 million from 79 IMAX theaters, setting a June opening-weekend record for IMAX."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Some critics praised the film's narrative, acting, fight scenes, visuals and reinvention of the titular character, while others criticized its pacing and lack of character development."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"However, on its second weekend, Man of Steel '​s box office fell almost 65% - 68% if the Thursday night gross is included—putting it in third place, behind Monsters University and World War Z. Box Office Mojo called it an abnormally large drop, close to the second weekend decline for Green Lantern."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Superman, co-produced by Legendary Pictures and Syncopy Films, and distributed by Warner Bros. It is the first installment in the DC shared film universe."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Man of Steel features a redesigned Superman costume by Jim Acheson and Michael Wilkinson.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Time magazine's Richard Corliss said, The movie finds its true, lofty footing not when it displays Kal-El’s extraordinary powers, but when it dramatizes Clark Kent’s roiling humanity."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In August 2013, Ben Affleck was announced to be playing Batman, while Gal Gadot was cast as Wonder Woman in December 2013."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Hans Zimmer's soundtrack for Man of Steel was released publicly on June 11, 2013."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In addition, Lego will release three Man of Steel sets, inspired by scenes from the film; Rubie’s Costume Co. also released a new line of Man of Steel-inspired costumes and accessories for both kids and adults."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Paul Asay of The Washington Post writes that Superman floats in space with his arms splayed out as if nailed to an invisible cross, a fact that Craig also mentioned in his assessment of the film."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"After the simulation process, Weta Digital ran every bead through a temporal filter to remove jitter to control the noise."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"On set, a camera rig was used to capture the environment of the sequence."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Millar compared it to the Godfather trilogy, in which it would chronicle the entire life of Superman, from the early days of Krypton to the finale where Superman loses his powers as the Sun starts to supernova."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In a March 2014 interview with Esquire, Wilkinson explained the reason for the look of Superman's redesigned suit:"	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Production took place in Plano, Illinois on August 22 to 29."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Warner Bros. previously marketed films such as The Blind Side, The Notebook, The Book of Eli and the Harry Potter series to faith-based groups."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In August 2008, Warner Bros. suggested a reboot of the film series."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Man of Steel is a reboot of the Superman film series that portrays the character's origin story.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The film received a wide release on June 14, 2013 in conventional, 3D, and IMAX theaters."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In total earnings, its three largest countries after North America are China ($63.4 million), the UK, Ireland and Malta ($46.2 million) and Australia ($22.3 million)."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In June 2013, it was announced that director Zack Snyder and screenwriter David S. Goyer would both be returning for a Man of Steel sequel, which is being fast tracked by Warner Bros. Goyer had previously signed a three-film deal, which includes Man of Steel, its sequel, and a Justice League film featuring Superman."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"By December 11, 2012, the decoded message led readers to another website with a countdown that led to the public release of the trailer."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Originally reluctant to reveal his identity and powers to the world, Supes decides to turn himself over to Zod to save humanity from annihilation."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The poster, which depicts Superman being arrested, generated a positive response and much speculation about the film's story."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Viral marketing campaigns for the film began when the official website was replaced by deep space radio waves.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Later in December, Argo screenwriter Chris Terrio was hired to rewrite the script, due to Goyer's commitments in other projects."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	It also broke Toy Story 3 '​s record ($110.3 million) for the highest weekend debut in June.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Studio executive Jeff Robinov planned to have the film released either by 2010 or 2011, explaining Superman Returns didn't quite work as a film in the way that we wanted it to."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"However, if they did not begin production on a Superman film by 2011, then the Siegel estate would have been able to sue for lost revenue on an unproduced film."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Comic book writers Grant Morrison, Mark Waid, Geoff Johns and Brad Meltzer were among those who pitched their ideas for a reboot."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Craig also states that there is an allegory to the Trinity within Man of Steel: Jor-El returns to Kal-El on Earth as a ghost, guiding his budding superhero son on his journey to salvation."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel made $12 million from a Thursday night Wal-Mart screening program, and an additional $9 million from midnight shows."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"After the previsualizations, live action portions of the scene would be filmed in small pieces."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Mark Millar, teaming with director Matthew Vaughn, also planned an epic eight-hour Superman trilogy, each installment released a year apart, similar to The Lord of the Rings."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Shortly after, the website was replaced with a message from Zod, who requested that Earth must return Kal-El to his custody and told Kal-El to surrender within 24 hours or the world would suffer the consequences."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Then, in post, we take the digi-doubles and animate them according to the speeds we want them to move in our digital environment."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The beads of the display, which up close would appear to be pyramids with a slight bevel, were designed to create a surface of the object to depict inside a console-like figure."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Because of Wilkinson's unavailability, Snyder chose Acheson to design the suit; however he only started developing it, and Wilkinson finished the development when he returned, and designed the other character's costumes as well."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Superman's cape and costume were scanned in high detail—the cape in particular became a direct extensions of Superman's actions.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	The studio transitioned between the existing proprietary volume rendering software to rendering in Mantra for elements such as fireball sims.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	The message was decoded to reveal a voice that said You Are Not Alone.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Jeff Robinov, president of Warner Bros. Pictures Group, spoke to Entertainment Weekly, and allowed a peek over the wall of secrecy surrounding their DC Comics plans: It's setting the tone for what the movies are going to be like going forward."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Before providing the visual effects, the shots were previsualized for the fight choreography."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In January 2014, it was announced that the film had been delayed from its original July 17, 2015 release date to May 6, 2016, and in May 2014, the film's title was revealed to be Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"According to an interview with Michael Shannon, filming would continue until February 2012."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Cyberscan and FACS were conducted with the actors, and polarized and non-polarized reference photos were taken."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	Paul Asay of The Washington Post writes that the religious themes keep coming: Free will.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	The messages are so strong that its marketers been explicitly pushing the film to Christian audiences.	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Zack Snyder expressed reluctance to shooting the film in 3-D, due to the technical limitations of the format, and instead chose to shoot the film two-dimensionally and convert the film into 3-D in post production, for a 2-D, 3-D, and IMAX 3-D release."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Snyder also chose to shoot the film on film instead of digitally, because he felt it would make the film, a big movie experience."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The Washington Post's Ann Hornaday stated that with Hans Zimmer’s turgid, over-produced score, the film is an exceptionally unpleasant viewing experience."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Principal photography began in August 2011 in West Chicago, Illinois, before moving to Vancouver and Plano, Illinois."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"When Zod destroys a satellite, the words Wayne Enterprises are scrolled on the satellite."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"He and the producers attempted to devise a suit featuring the red trunks, but could not design one that fit into the tone of the film, leading to their removal from the suit."	3	2	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The Boston Globe's Ty Burr wrote, What’s missing from this Superman saga is a sense of lightness, of pop joy."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Because that's us animating the characters to the camera.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In that, it's definitely a first step."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"We’d skin those volumes with kit parts, but most of it then had to fall down!"	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	The Bullet physics software was a heavily-impacted component for the utilization of the destruction.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The plot of Man of Steel employs a nonlinear narrative, and tells parts of the story in flashback."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"This marked Warner Bros.' third-highest advance night/midnight opening, and the biggest advance night/midnight debut for a non-sequel."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"For the sequences involving the terraforming of the city Metropolis, Double Negative handled the visual effects for the sequence."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Filming took place in the Chicago Loop from September 7 to 17. Vancouver production took place from September 21, 2011, to January 20, 2012."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Zack Snyder said the costume is a modern aesthetic.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Listen, the movie’s not perfect but ... I just cannot fathom it."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"PopMatters journalist J.C. Maçek, III, wrote, The path of this flawed savior isn’t quite the one that we have been led to expect and many fans will love that and many fans will decry its comic book-divergent choices."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"We had to think about what that would mean, since we also had to photograph some crazy action, said Desjardin."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Lighting solutions directly worked on the set.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In order to construct a Metropolis that seemed convincing and realistic, Double Negative utilized Esri's CityEngine to help procedurally deliver the city."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Man of Steel was released to the general public on June 14, 2013, in conventional, 3D, and IMAX theaters."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"It was a good movie, you guys."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Man of Steel isn’t just a movie.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"John DJ Desjardin served as the visual supervisor for Man of Steel, with Weta Digital, MPC, and Double Negative providing the visual effects for the film."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The intended sequel titled Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, is scheduled for release on March 25, 2016."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Filming was expected to last for two to three months.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	It’s a Bible study in a cape.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"In addition, a judge ruled that Warner Bros. did not owe the families additional royalties from previous films."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	The protagonist of the film is also 33 years old and seeks counsel at a church.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"For The Denver Post's Lisa Kennedy, the chief problem with Man of Steel is the rhythm and balance in the storytelling and directing which resulted in a film that swings between destructive overstatement and flat-footed homilies."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	The set capture resulted in lighting and textures that could be reprojected onto geometry.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	God-given purpose.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Fire, smoke, and water stimulation tools were developed at the Double Negative studio."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Had Superman worked in 2006, we would have had a movie for Christmas of this year or 2009."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Its biggest opener outside the U.S. was in China, with $25.9 million in four days (Thursday to Sunday)."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Man of Steel received mixed reviews from critics.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Zack Snyder confirmed both Booster Gold and Batman references in the film, indicating their presence in the DC shared film universe."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Cavill, Adams, Lane, and Fishburne will reprise their roles."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Steve Persall of the Tampa Bay Times stated that, Man of Steel is more than just Avengers-sized escapism; it's an artistic introduction to a movie superhero we only thought we knew."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Directed by Zack Snyder and written by David S. Goyer, the film stars Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Michael Shannon, Kevin Costner, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, and Russell Crowe."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Snyder stated that the film would take inspiration from the comic The Dark Knight Returns.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"The date was moved again to March 25, 2016."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	So we had to rig it for destruction and use it for other aspects of the work as well.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"On December 3, 2012, the exclusive reward was revealed to be an official Man of Steel teaser poster."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	And then a camera for reference of the actors and get each moment.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"During story discussions for The Dark Knight Rises in 2010, David S. Goyer told Christopher Nolan his idea regarding how to present Superman in a modern context."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Speaking to Fox Business Channel, Grae Drake, editor of Rotten Tomatoes, expressed dismay over the critical reception, stating, As much as I love and respect our critics at Rotten Tomatoes, I've got to say I am shocked."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	It didn't position the character the way he needed to be positioned.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Hollywood studios frequently market movies to specific religious and cultural groups.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Desjardin noted that the intent in shooting the film was to utilize handheld devices to make the film feel like a documentary-style film.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	"Ucluelet and Nanaimo, British Columbia, feature prominently in the film’s first hour—the trademark winter mist and rough seas are passed off as Alaska in the film."	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Then we'd put an environment camera there and take the environment.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Casting began the following November.	4	1	0
Man of Steel (film)	Sacrifice.	5	0	0
Man of Steel (film)	MPC handled the visual effects for the Smallville encounter sequence.	5	0	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Although featured in the trailer for the film, the song Paper Planes by M.I.A. is not used in the film or on its soundtrack."	0	4	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"The inspiration for making Pineapple Express, according to producer Judd Apatow, was Brad Pitt's character in True Romance, a stoner named Floyd."	0	5	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"According to Rogen and Goldberg, however, the homemade Pineapple Express 2 film in This Is the End depicts what they envision for the actual sequel."	1	3	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"According to Rogen, the ideal production budget was $40 million, but due to the subject matter—because it's a weed movie, as he described it—Sony Pictures allotted $25 million."	1	4	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Franco was nominated for a Golden Globe award for his performance in the film.	1	4	0
Pineapple Express (film)	One particular aspect of the film that has been almost universally praised is the cinematography; Seth Rogen even joked on the commentary that even people who hate the movie admit that it's shot well.	2	2	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"Green cited The Blues Brothers, Midnight Run, Running Scared, the Terrence Malick written The Gravy Train and Stir Crazy as sources of inspiration and influence on directing the film."	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Producer Judd Apatow, who previously worked with Rogen and Goldberg on Knocked Up and Superbad, assisted in developing the story, which was partially inspired by the bromantic comedy subgenre."	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Both rated and unrated versions of the film are available.	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"There was an exclusive sneak peek of the film attached to the Superbad DVD, which was released on December 4, 2007."	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Pineapple Express had an advance screening at the Just for Laughs Film Festival on July 19, 2008."	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Seth Rogen spoke with musician Huey Lewis, of Huey Lewis and the News, about writing and performing the film's theme song in November 2007."	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	The movie is named after a real cannabis strain called Pineapple Express.	2	3	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Sony released the film on Wednesday August 6, 2008 with $12,085,679 in ticket sales."	3	1	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"The film went on to gross $87,341,380 domestically with a worldwide total of $101,549,277."	3	1	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"Over the weekend it opened at number two behind The Dark Knight with $23,245,025 for a five day total of $41,318,736."	3	1	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"David Gordon Green met with Apatow, Rogen and Goldberg on the set of Knocked Up, and later on the set of Superbad to discuss the project."	3	1	1
Pineapple Express (film)	Sony Pictures had the video removed from YouTube within a few days of its posting.	3	1	1
Pineapple Express (film)	"Pineapple Express is a 2008 American stoner action comedy film directed by David Gordon Green, written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and starring Rogen and James Franco."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Cable network FX pre-bought exclusive rights to air the film after its theatrical run.	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"The film was released on August 6, 2008."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"After a table read, Rogen agreed, thus casting himself in the role of Dale Denton."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Pineapple Express received generally positive reviews from critics.	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"I didn’t really think twice about it stating she would have thought more carefully about permitting the song's use if it was in the main film, scrutinizing what scene they were using it in and stuff like that."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Rogen was originally going to play Saul, but Apatow suggested that Franco should play the role instead."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 6, 2009."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"A supposed trailer for the sequel was released on April 1, 2013 with Rogen, Franco, McBride, and Robinson reprising their roles, and Jonah Hill appearing as Woody Harrelson, but this was revealed later to be an April Fools Prank, promoting their upcoming movie This Is the End."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"On Metacritic, the film has a score of 64 out of 100, based on 37 critics, indicating generally favorable reviews."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"However, he was critical of the second half of the film, and felt that the violence in contrast to the comedy of the first half was jarring and gratuitous."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Kelly Vance of East Bay Express enjoyed Franco's performance, stating that he steals the movie easily, as well as the authenticity of the film's sets."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Following the trailer's release, Paper Planes gained massive airplay, entering the Top 5 on Billboard Hot 100."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"She added Interscope asked me and I was, like, well, since it’s just the trailer, that’s cool."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"It was released on DVD and Blu-ray in Australia on December 31, 2008."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	The film's makers had been keen on including the song in the film's main trailer and approached M.I.A.'s U.S. label Interscope Records for permission.	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Judd Apatow stated that there's a strong possibility for a sequel, but nothing is officially announced yet."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"As of November 1, 2009 the DVD has sold 2,510,321 copies and generated $43,033,863 in sales revenue."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Sonny Bunch of the Washington Times agreed with Phillips, opining that It’s a shame so much attention was paid to the gun battles and so little to character development."	3	2	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune praised the film's script, noting that it recalls what made Superbad worth seeing: the sidewinding conversational riffs, the why-am-I-laughing?"	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 68%, based on 193 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10."	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Apatow thought it would be funny to make a movie in which you follow that character out of his apartment and watch him get chased by bad guys.	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	wordplay.	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"A red-band trailer for the film, featuring the song Paper Planes by M.I.A., leaked in February 2008."	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"Also featured in the film but absent from the soundtrack album are Grace Jones' Sly and Robbie produced cover of Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire, the former of which can be found on her 1998 compilation Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions."	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Both the Blu-ray and 2-disc DVD versions of the film come with a digital copy of the unrated film.	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"The original motion picture soundtrack to the film was released on August 5, 2008."	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	Patrick Goldstein's Summer Movie Posse of the Los Angeles Times described its incorporation as the most impressive use of M.I.A.'s 'Paper Planes' ever.	4	1	0
Pineapple Express (film)	"The site's consensus reads: Both funny and scatter shot, this loose-knit action/buddy/stoner comedy bridges genres and keeps a steady tempo of low ball laughs."	5	0	0
Primary Colors (film)	Variety's reviewer called it a film à clef and said that the American public was likely to accept it as a factual account because it so closely mirrored real life characters and events.	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	Syndicated reviewer Roger Ebert said the movie was insightful and very wise about the realities of political life and the Cincinnati Enquirer said the movie was a nuanced dissection of how real American politics work.	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	"The Los Angeles Times gave high marks to the movie, noting Travolta's close mirroring of Bill Clinton, but describing Thompson's character as actually not based on Hillary Clinton."	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	"Bates was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance, and the film itself was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay."	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	"The soundtrack album, featuring music by and produced by Ry Cooder, was released in March 1998."	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	"Primary Colors is a 1998 drama film based on the novel Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics, a roman à clef about Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992, which originally had been published anonymously, but in 1996 was revealed to have been written by journalist Joe Klein, who had been covering Clinton's campaign for Newsweek."	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	The film also generated controversy for its depiction of a Clinton-like character as it was also released close to the Lewinsky scandal.	2	3	0
Primary Colors (film)	Entertainment Weekly called Travolta Clintonian.	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	"Following the publication of the book in 1996, director Mike Nichols paid more than $1 million for the screen rights."	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	Nichols was criticized for cutting an interracial love scene from the final version of the film.	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	"It was directed by Mike Nichols and starred John Travolta, Emma Thompson, Billy Bob Thornton, Kathy Bates, Maura Tierney, Larry Hagman, and Adrian Lester."	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	Primary Colors currently holds an 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 75 reviews.	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	"At the Cannes Festival, Thompson said she did not base her performance on Hillary Clinton, while Travolta said he based his on several presidents, but mostly on Bill Clinton."	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	"The film earned a disappointing box office gross, only taking $39,001,187 domestically and $13,089,000 in foreign markets, for a worldwide total gross of $52,090,187 against a budget of $65 million."	3	2	0
Primary Colors (film)	The movie received a positive reception from critics.	4	1	0
Primary Colors (film)	"Nevertheless, Vice wrote that solid support is provided by Maura Tierney, Larry Hagman, and Stacy Edwards."	4	1	0
Primary Colors (film)	He responded that he had removed the scene because of unfavorable reactions from a preview audience.	4	1	0
Primary Colors (film)	"In a negative review, Jeff Vice of The Deseret News wrote that the last half of the movie dragged, Travolta's performance seemed more like an impersonation than actual acting, the movie lacked subtlety or depth, and it was loaded with cheap and obvious jokes."	4	1	0
Primary Colors (film)	The Cincinnati Enquirer gave accolades to the character portrayals of Bill and Hillary Clinton.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Since they did not have enough money to shoot the film in its entirety, Diesel had to mortgage his house, obtain loans and spend most of his personal money on the production of the film, I had to leverage my house, Diesel said."	2	1	2
Riddick (film)	"Claudia Puig of USA Today gave the film one out of four stars, saying Move along, there's nothing to see and no one to root for in this murky franchise reboot."	1	4	0
Riddick (film)	"On January 29, 2014, Vin Diesel announced on his Facebook page that Universal Pictures wishes to develop a fourth Riddick film, again prompted by robust DVD sales of the most recent film in the series."	1	4	0
Riddick (film)	"In 2006, Diesel agreed to make a cameo in Universal's film The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift in exchange for the ownership to the rights to the Riddick franchise and character."	1	4	0
Riddick (film)	"The teaser trailer for the film was released on March 22, 2013 via Vin Diesel's official Facebook page."	2	2	1
Riddick (film)	"Soren Anderson of The Seattle Times gave the film two out of four stars, saying As a creature feature, Riddick isn't half bad, though it's far from truly good."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Stephanie Merry of The Washington Post gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying Riddick can be cheesy and silly, not to mention excessively violent, but it's also fun. Kyle Smith of the New York Post gave the film a mixed review, saying The movie jogs along nicely without ever getting a case of the stupids; far from being a bloated John Carter, it's just a pared-down yarn of survival: Die Hard on a planet."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	That makes Riddick the first (and one hopes the last) film to borrow heavily from both Alien and Old Yeller.	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Produced by and starring Vin Diesel as the title character, Riddick is written and directed by David Twohy, who previously wrote and directed the first two installments, Pitch Black (2000) and The Chronicles of Riddick (2004)."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"On February 9, 2010, Diesel confirmed in an update on his Facebook page that one of the locations used in the upcoming sequel would be the White Desert in Farafra, Egypt."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Free from the constraints of delivering a PG-13 movie, the dialogue in Dead Man Stalking is more suited to a film like Training Day; the mercs we meet are hard living people, not those washout fakeout space mercs from a film like Alien Resurrection, wrote reviewer Patrick Sauriol."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Despite the second film's tepid reception, Diesel and Twohy remained optimistic about a third film, pushing it toward completion."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Jocelyn Noveck of the Associated Press gave the film one and a half stars out of four, saying Sloppy is a kind word, actually, for the ridiculously clumsy dialogue in Riddick, the third and latest installment of the sci-fi saga."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"Metacritic, another review aggregation website, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated a score of 49 out of 100 based on 33 reviews."	2	3	0
Riddick (film)	"In North America, the film opened to number one in its first weekend, with $19,030,375."	3	1	1
Riddick (film)	"In its third weekend, the film dropped to number eight, grossing $3,656,620."	3	1	1
Riddick (film)	"Riddick grossed $42,025,135 in North America, and $56,312,160 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $98,337,295."	3	1	1
Riddick (film)	"In its second weekend, the film dropped to number three, grossing an additional $6,841,800."	3	1	1
Riddick (film)	"Stephen Whitty of the Newark Star-Ledger gave the film one and a half stars out of four, saying The dark palette and extreme close-ups turn every fight into a muddy blur; the staging, which should feel claustrophobic, is too often set in vast (and unconvincing) landscapes."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Rene Rodriguez of The Miami Herald gave the film one out of four stars, saying A modestly budgeted bone Universal Pictures threw at Diesel so he would keep starring in Fast and Furious pictures."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"The film grossed an additional $23,026,441 through domestic Blu-ray and DVD sales."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"In April 2010, a review of the Riddick screenplay (it was then subtitled Dead Man Stalking) appeared on the Coming Attractions website."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"At first, Twohy assumed that the film would be an independent, low-budget production, rather than being released by Universal Studios as the other films in the series had been."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"On March 13, 2011, Diesel released a video on his official Facebook page in which he and Director David Twohy talk about the proposed third film."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Everyone knows I love the Riddick character and I'm always working on it, Diesel asserted."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	You'll wish you had Uncle Martin's ability to speed people—not to mention awful movies—up.	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Michael Phillips of the Chicago Tribune gave the film three out of four stars, saying This is not one of those Johnny-come-lately sequels preoccupied with getting a new audience up to speed on where the story was."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Keith Staskiewicz of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a C+, saying Twohy succeeds in staging moments both tense and funny, but they're fewer and farther between than one would hope, and the dialogue is served up with a heaping helping of cheese, especially when delivered in Diesel's low-frequency growl."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	Riddick was met with mixed reviews.	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Nick Schager of Slant Magazine gave the film one out of four stars, saying For a film about a killing machine who can see at night, it's fittingly ironic that the film itself is, both narratively and visually, a dark, muddled mess."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Riddick is a 2013 British-American science fiction film, the third installment in the The Chronicles of Riddick film series."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Over the next four years, Diesel periodically posted information on his own Facebook page updating fans on the film's progress."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Keith Uhlich of Time Out New York gave the film three out of five stars, saying Watching this see-in-the-dark muscleman brooding against gorgeous otherworldly vistas, all while crafting pointy homemade weapons and befriending a scene-stealing CGI canine (no joke), is a sci-fi aficionado's delight. Bruce Demara of the Toronto Star gave the film three out of four stars, saying The CGI-created landscape is impressively rendered and detailed, there are loads of cool gadgetry and, of course, plenty of action and ghosting—i.e."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave the film three out of four stars, saying Much of the film is over-the-top, but that won't be a surprise to those who saw the previous two installments."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"The first image of Vin Diesel on the film's set was released on January 20, 2012."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Tom Huddleston of Time Out gave the film two out of five stars, saying It's flavourless: the aliens are unscary and easily despatched, Vin's too silent to be interesting, and the other characters are either dull or offensive."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Barbara VanDenburgh of The Arizona Republic gave the film three out of five stars, saying Riddick's at his most fun when the pressure's on, and he retreats to plan something special for his new visitors."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	Filming began in January 2012 and concluded at the end of March 2012.	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"He mentioned the terrain features, unique to the area, would lend to the off-planet atmosphere of the film."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	Maybe it's time this franchise fades to black for good.	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Rafer Guzman of Newday gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying It's B-grade cinema made with A-level intelligence and imagination—skillfully directed, surprisingly well acted and gratifyingly preposterous."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Scott Foundas of Variety gave the film a positive review, saying An improbable but very enjoyable sequel that recaptures much of the stripped-down intensity of Diesel and director David Twohy's franchise starter Pitch Black."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"In November 2009, shortly after Twohy had finished the script, he announced that pre-production work was underway."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"David Hiltbrand of The Philadelphia Inquirer gave the film two out of four stars, saying Somehow along the way, in the film's only attempt to humanize him, Riddick acquires a pet."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"In September 2011, it was announced that Karl Urban would reprise his role as Vaako from The Chronicles of Riddick."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"It currently holds a 58% approval rating, with an average score of 5.4/10, on the aggregate review site Rotten Tomatoes, based on 154 reviews."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"Justin Lowe of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a negative review, saying Faithful to the template if not the spirit of previous installments, this flabby second sequel barely manages to advance Riddick's considerable personal mythology."	3	2	0
Riddick (film)	"In its fourth weekend, the film dropped to number 13, grossing $1,607,145."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Amy Nicholson of The Village Voice gave the film a negative review, saying The only reason to root for Riddick is that his name is on the ticket stub."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"It's about living in the moment, in the now, and killing in the now."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	It was shown in both conventional and IMAX Digital theaters.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	killing.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	It just takes five years to make another one because David Twohy and I are so precise about it.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Adam Graham of Detroit News gave the film a C–, saying Twohy is trying to do something with his original character."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"If we didn't finish the film, I would be homeless."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Riddick, which couldn't even qualify for proper summer movie placement, moves like Martian molasses and can't present an action scene to save its life."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"They reaffirmed that the movie will be rated 'R', like the first one (Pitch Black), a priority for them, and they plan to shoot it lean and quickly."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Alonso Duralde of The Wrap gave the film a negative review, saying If you were to make a comedy about an actor who makes cheesy sci-fi action movies, and you needed a hilarious clip of his work that underscored the awfulness of his output, just about any 30-second segment of Riddick would do the trick."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"The film was released on September 4, 2013, in the UK and Ireland, and September 6, 2013, in the United States."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"But he's so dull and the hunters so weird that we're literally cheering for the movie to kill off its personality, one throat slash at a time."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	It's just not clear what that something is anymore.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Riddick was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 14, 2014."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	Rumors of a third film in the Chronicles of Riddick series have circulated since 2006.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	The film entered post production in April 2012.	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Its consensus states: It may not win the franchise many new converts, but this back-to-basics outing brings Riddick fans more of the brooding sci-fi action they've come to expect."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Diesel is in fine form, growling his lines and being the most menacing person on screen even when he's in chains."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"Joe Neumaier of the New York Daily News gave the film one out of five stars, saying The story feels like quicksand."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"In January 2012, it was announced that Katee Sackhoff and Matt Nable had also joined the cast."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	"All the build-up pays off with tense showdowns in the dark, thrilling restraint and ominous suggestion giving way to slasher gore."	4	1	0
Riddick (film)	Those movies are bank; Riddick is rank.	4	1	0
Rio 2	Entertainer Bruno Mars joined the cast as Roberto after director Carlos Saldanha caught his performance on Saturday Night Live.	1	3	1
Rio 2	Director Carlos Saldanha has kept the possibility for a Rio 3 open.	1	4	0
Rio 2	"Don Rhymer, screenplay writer of the first film, died on November 28, 2012 during the writing phase of the sequel, from head and neck cancer."	2	2	1
Rio 2	"Jamie Foxx, George Lopez, Tracy Morgan, Jemaine Clement, Leslie Mann, Rodrigo Santoro, and Jake T. Austin, the film was released internationally on March 20, 2014, and on April 11, 2014, in American theaters."	2	2	1
Rio 2	"Eric Henderson of Slant Magazine gave the film one out of five stars, saying Though there isn't a fruit-flavored hue that isn't jammed into every single corner of screen space in Rio 2, the movie has less actual nutritional value than 10 bowls of crushed Froot Loops dust."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Claudia Puig of USA Today gave the film two out of four stars, saying Rio 2 teems with colorful animated splendor and elaborate musical numbers, but its rambling, hectic, if good-hearted, story is for the birds."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Peter Hartlaub of the San Francisco Chronicle gave the film two out of four stars, saying It's like the last Hobbit movie - so much time passes between side plots that you have to jog the memory when a minor character appears again."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Rio 2 was Don Rhymer's final film after he died on November 28, 2012."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"The title refers to the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro, where the first film was set and Rio 2 begins, though most of its plot occurs in the Amazon rainforest."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Where the film excels though, in an even more pronounced way than the first film, is in the choreographed animation for the musical numbers."	2	3	0
Rio 2	Three of four Angry Birds Rio episodes — all visually tied to Rio 2 — have been released.	2	3	0
Rio 2	It is the sequel to the 2011 computer-animated film Rio and the studio's first film to have a sequel outside of their existing Ice Age franchise.	2	3	0
Rio 2	"20th Century Fox and Blue Sky unveiled the first teaser trailer at the annual Las Vegas, Nevada CinemaCon on April 18, 2013."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Tom Russo of The Boston Globe gave the film two out of four stars, saying The story flows, but not always freely, thanks to its manufactured feel."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"Tom Huddleston of Time Out gave the film three out of five stars, saying There are problems here ... but the characterisation is feisty and memorable, the song-and-dance sequences intricate and colourful, and it'll charm the socks off little people."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"The only frustrating thing is that it feels very much like a by-the-numbers sequel, lacking the verve, ebullience and left-field humour that made 2011’s Rio such a surprise hit."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"On January 25, 2012, while speaking to the Associated Press, Sérgio Mendes who co-wrote a song for the first film spoke about the sequel, saying: I think the plan is for the movie to come three or four months before the World Cup."	2	3	0
Rio 2	"All music composed by John Powell, except as noted."	3	1	1
Rio 2	"In its third weekend, the film dropped to number three, grossing $13,881,457."	3	1	1
Rio 2	"In its fourth weekend, the film dropped to number five, grossing $7,711,952.Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment donated $100,000 to WWF to support conservation efforts in the Amazon."	3	1	1
Rio 2	"In North America, the film earned $12 million on its opening day, and opened to number two in its first weekend, with $39,327,869, behind Captain America: The Winter Soldier."	3	1	1
Rio 2	"Jessica Herndon of the Associated Press gave the film three out of four stars, saying With so much going on, it's a wonder this kids' movie is only five minutes longer than the original."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"On May 14, 2013, that same trailer was released online worldwide, and attached with Epic."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Despite receiving mixed reviews, the film was a box office success."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Justin Chang of Variety said, Domestic and ecological dramas abound in this bright, noisy, overstuffed sequel to Fox's 2011 surprise hit."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Tirdad Derakhshani of The Philadelphia Inquirer gave the film two out of four stars, saying It'll keep the kids content for a couple of hours, though it's likely to bore the grown-ups."	3	2	0
Rio 2	20th Century Fox's sequel to the already dubious 2011 film would seem far too endlessly hyperventilating and self-stimulating a way to keep kids from barreling toward a spaz attack on a Saturday afternoon.	3	2	0
Rio 2	Rio 2 is a 2014 American 3D computer-animated musical adventure-comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and directed by Carlos Saldanha.	3	2	0
Rio 2	"In April 2014, Kohl's began selling Blu, Gabi, and Luiz plush toys as a part of their Kohl’s Cares merchandise program."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"The film was released to international theaters on March 20, 2014."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Mark Adams of Screen Daily said, As a delightfully bright and breezy bit of 3D animated entertainment Rio 2 hits the sweet spot, and will no doubt be a box office hit with its blend of good-natured jungle adventure, songs and gags."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Under the supervision of 20th Century Fox—with director Carlos Saldanha and music composer John Powell—the film's natural hometown of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil used the film as a tie-in promotion for the 2014 New Year's Eve celebration at Copacabana Beach."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Alonso Duralde of The Wrap gave the film a negative review, saying The musical moments, on the whole, stand out as the highlights of the film; Rio 2 becomes watchable when the flat characters shut up and sing."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"During production, Mars offered his own personal touches that better shaped his character's physical appearance, personality, and voice."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"reported that Jesse Eisenberg had signed up to reprise his role as Blu, and Anne Hathaway had also signed on to reprise her role as Jewel."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Featuring the returning voices of Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, will.i.am,"	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Stephanie Merry of The Washington Post gave the film two out of four stars, saying All in all, though, the movie feels at once too busy and too derivative."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Kyle Smith of the New York Post gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying Rio 2 is not what I would call Amazon prime, but it's got enough silly songs and daffy critters to keep the little ones happy."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"The film was released in the United States on April 11, 2014."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Kevin McFarland of The A.V. Club gave the film a C, saying Like the first film, Rio 2 is almost oppressively bright, bombarding the screen with flashes of saturated rainforest colors and even a bird version of soccer (timed a bit too perfectly to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil)."	3	2	0
Rio 2	as comic relief – and a thoroughly inorganic talent-show subplot feels like another attempt to groom youngsters for life in the Cowell jungle.	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Rio 2 grossed $131,538,435 in North America, and $368,188,435 in other countries, for a worldwide total of $500,188,435, surpassing its predecessor."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"But if Rio 2 is hardly Pixar quality, it's certainly better than the average animated sequel."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Elizabeth Weitzman of the New York Daily News gave the film three out of five stars, saying We're grading on a sliding scale here."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"In January 2013, Rodrigo Santoro confirmed his return to voice ornithologist Tulio Monteiro, as well as hinting that the sequel's setting will involve the Amazon."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"The first, Rocket Rumble, was released in December 2013, the second, High Dive, in February 2014, and the third, Blossom River, in April 2014."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"In October 2012, Variety stated that Carlos Saldanha had officially signed a five-year deal with 20th Century Fox that allows him to helm live-action and/or animated films, with the sequel being part of that contractual agreement."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"An additional album featuring John Powell's original score was released on April 8, 2014 by Sony Classical."	3	2	0
Rio 2	The Target exclusive comes with a Blu plush toy.	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Richard Corliss of Time gave the film a positive review, saying Even when it's coarse and calculating, this is an eager entertainment machine that will keep the kids satisfied."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Mike McCahill of The Guardian gave the film two out of five stars, saying It's hard to ascribe much art or wit to a franchise that retains the services of will.i.am"	3	2	0
Rio 2	Just don't tell them that the Rio movies are musical comedies about an avian genocide.	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Robbie Collin of The Daily Telegraph gave the film two out of five stars, saying This jumbled sequel, which was also directed by Carlos Saldanha, loses most of what made the first film such an infectious entertainment."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"That's no easy feat, but it's also one sequel-makers probably shouldn't aspire to. Bruce Demara of the Toronto Star gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying Those who enjoyed the adventures of Blu and Jewel and company in the first Rio are going to find the sequel an equally pleasing diversion."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Bill Zwecker of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three out of four stars, saying It's as good as the first one and sure to please both the kiddies and adults with its two-tiered humor."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Justin Lowe of The Hollywood Reporter said, This rumble in the jungle adds a colorful cast of rain-forest creatures to the franchise's infectious sense of frivolity."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Is he a bad guy? Bill Goodykoontz of The Arizona Republic gave the film three out of four stars, saying An agreeable song-and-dance movie, a laugh here, a laugh there, pleasant but overly busy, for seemingly no real reason other than to throw a few more set pieces at the wall to see what sticks."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"A limited sing-along edition of the film was released on Blu-ray and DVD on November 4, 2014."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Steve Persall of the Tampa Bay Times gave the film a B+, saying Like its peppy predecessor, Rio 2 doesn't look or sound like other animated licenses to print money."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Rafer Guzman of Newsday gave the film one and a half stars out of four, saying The movie has one goal: to amuse the most children with the least amount of effort."	3	2	0
Rio 2	"Another review aggregation website, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated a score of 49 out of 100 based on 34 reviews, which indicates mixed or average reviews."	3	2	0
Rio 2	Rio 2 received mixed reviews from critics.	4	1	0
Rio 2	"The film's premiere was held in Miami, Florida on March 20, 2014."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"In April 2012, Deadline.com"	4	1	0
Rio 2	"But for the music and brilliantly picturesque look, it's worth the 3-D ticket."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"The site's consensus reads: Like most sequels, Rio 2 takes its predecessor's basic template and tries to make it bigger—which means it's even busier, more colorful, and ultimately more exhausting for viewers outside the youthful target demographic."	4	1	0
Rio 2	That alone is reason enough to appreciate it.	4	1	0
Rio 2	"We're going to have a meeting I think next week and Carlos is coming to town to tell us the story, and it looks like it's a go."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"A soundtrack for the film was released on March 25, 2014, by Atlantic Records."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Betsy Sharkey of the Los Angeles Times gave the film a negative review, saying Wonderfully animated and well-voiced, Rio 2 is nevertheless too much."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Rio 2 was released on Blu-ray (2D and 3D) and DVD on July 15, 2014."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"It was promoted by the single What Is Love, performed by Janelle Monáe."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Liam Lacey of The Globe and Mail gave the film three out of four stars, saying Rio 2 (like Fox’s Ice Age series) relies on derivative plotting and slapstick visual gags, in contrast to Pixar’s more cerebral originality."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"In its second weekend, the film dropped to number three, grossing an additional $22,159,742."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 48% based on reviews from 105 critics, with an average rating of 5.4/10."	4	1	0
Rio 2	Who's that toucan again?	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Too much plot, too many issues, too many characters."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times gave the film a negative review, saying The cinematic equivalent of attack by kaleidoscope, Rio 2 sucks you in and whirls you around before spitting you out, exhausted."	4	1	0
Rio 2	"He has stated, Of course, I have a lot of stories to tell, so we're [starting to prepare for it."	5	0	0
Rio 2	Fox has been talking about (it) and it looks like it's going to happen.	5	0	0
Talk to Her	The film won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and the 2003 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign-Language Film.	1	2	2
Talk to Her	"In 2005, Time magazine film critics Richard Corliss and Richard Schickel included Talk to Her in their list of the All-TIME 100 Greatest Movies."	2	3	0
Talk to Her	"Talk to Her (Spanish: Hable con ella) is a 2002 Spanish drama written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, and starring Javier Cámara, Darío Grandinetti, Leonor Watling, Geraldine Chaplin, and Rosario Flores."	2	3	0
Talk to Her	"Despite the film's success, Talk to Her wasn't submitted as Spain's pick for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film, as Mondays in the Sun."	2	3	0
Talk to Her	"Talk to Her received positive reviews, as it currently holds a 92% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes; the consensus states: Another masterful, compassionate work from Pedro Almodóvar."	2	3	0
Talk to Her	Paul Schrader placed the film at 46 on his film canon of the 60 greatest films.	3	2	0
Talk to Her	"On Metacritic, which uses an average of critics' reviews, the film holds an 86/100, indicating universal acclaim."	4	1	0
Talk to Her	"The film was a commercial success, grossing $9,285,469 in the United States and $41,716,081 internationally for a worldwide total of $51,001,550."	4	1	0
Talk to Her	"The film's themes include the difficulty of communication between the sexes, loneliness and intimacy, and the persistence of love beyond loss."	4	1	0
The Commitments (film)	"The film won the BAFTA Award for Best Film, as well as BAFTA Awards for Best Director, Best Editing (Gerry Hambling), and Best Adapted Screenplay."	1	3	1
The Commitments (film)	"The show will be directed by Jamie Lloyd, with choreography by Ann Yee, set design by Soutra Gilmour, sound design by Rory Madden and lighting by Jon Clark."	1	4	0
The Commitments (film)	The album included four more songs from the movie as well as seven additional tracks.	2	3	0
The Commitments (film)	"The image includes band manager Jimmy Rabbitte (portrayed by Arkins), along with the three female backup singers Imelda Quirke (portrayed by Ball), Natalie Murphy (Doyle) and Bernie McGloughlin (Gallagher)."	2	3	0
The Commitments (film)	"Following the books adaption into the movie in 1991, Doyle turned down offers to turn the novel into a musical."	2	3	0
The Commitments (film)	"An image of four of the actors, in character, was featured on an Irish postage stamp as part of the Ireland 1996: Irish Cinema Centenary series issued by An Post."	2	3	0
The Commitments (film)	It was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy and for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.	2	3	0
The Commitments (film)	"Cast of the show include Denis Grindel playing Jimmy Rabbitte, Killian Donnelly playing Deco, Ben Fox playing Joey Fagan, Sean Kearns as Jimmy Rabbitte’s father and Sarah O’Connor, Stephanie McKeon and Jessica Cervi playing The Commitmentettes."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"Despite initially looking to hire another writer to write the book for the musical, Doyle ended up writing the show himself."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"With a screenplay adapted by Dick Clement, Ian La Frenais, and Doyle himself, The Commitments is an international co-production between companies in Ireland, the United Kingdom, and the United States."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"The stage show was officially confirmed on 19 April 2013, in Ireland, producers announced that the show would play the Palace Theatre, with tickets going on sale everywhere on 23 April."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"Most songs on the album are performed by the cast band, with two by Irish singer Niamh Kavanagh."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	2: Music From The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released in 1992.	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"In 2013, a musical stage production of the same name began previews on 21 September in London's West End at the Palace Theatre, before holding its official opening night on 8 October."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"The cast were mostly unknown before filming, chosen for musical rather than acting ability."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"Ticket prices for the show began at £10, with all preview tickets half price."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"The Commitments gained a positive reception from critics, as it holds an 88% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 40 reviews."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	The Commitments was voted best Irish film of all time in a 2005 poll sponsored by Jameson Irish Whiskey and launched a generation of Irish musicians and actors.	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"After the commercial success of the first soundtrack album, a follow-up entitled The Commitments, Vol."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"The musical is based on the 1987 novel, by Roddy Doyle."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	"A film adaptation of Roddy Doyle's novel of the same name, the film tells a story of working class Dubliners who form a soul band."	3	2	0
The Commitments (film)	The Commitments is a 1991 comedy-drama film directed by Alan Parker.	4	1	0
The Commitments (film)	"The Commitments (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), the soundtrack for the film, was released on 13 Aug 1991."	4	1	0
The Commitments (film)	It was filmed on location in Dublin.	4	1	0
The Commitments (film)	Mustang Sally was released as a single.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Viet Cong Russian roulette scenes were shot in real circumstances, with real rats and mosquitoes, as the three principals (De Niro, Walken, and Savage) were tied up in bamboo cages erected along the River Kwai."	0	3	2
The Deer Hunter	"The Clairton scenes comprise footage shot in eight different towns in four states: West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Washington, and Ohio."	0	4	1
The Deer Hunter	The deaths of approximately twenty-five people who died playing Russian roulette were reported as having been influenced by scenes in the movie.	0	4	1
The Deer Hunter	"Producer Deeley made a deal with fellow producer David Puttnam, whose film Midnight Express was nominated, that each would take $500 to the ceremony so if one of them won, the winner would give the loser the $500 to drown his sorrows in style."	1	2	2
The Deer Hunter	"Other nominations the film included Best Motion Picture – Drama, De Niro for Best Motion Picture Actor – Drama, Walken for Best Motion Picture Actor in a Supporting Role, Streep for Best Motion Picture Actress in a Supporting Role, and Washburn for Best Screenplay – Motion Picture."	0	5	0
The Deer Hunter	"The first deer to be shot was not actually harmed, despite the gruesome close-up, but hit with a tranquilizer dart."	0	5	0
The Deer Hunter	"Film editor Peter Zinner was given 600,000&#160;feet of printed film to edit, a monumental task at the time."	1	3	1
The Deer Hunter	Cimino won the film's only Golden Globe Award for Best Director.	1	3	1
The Deer Hunter	Zinner eventually won Best Editing Oscar for The Deer Hunter.	1	3	1
The Deer Hunter	De Niro was so anxious that he did not attend the Oscars ceremony.	1	3	1
The Deer Hunter	"Jan Scruggs, a Vietnam veteran who became a counselor with the U.S. Department of Labor, thought of the idea of building a National Memorial for Vietnam Veterans after seeing a screening of the film in March 1979, and he established and operated the memorial fund which paid for it."	1	3	1
The Deer Hunter	The caster thankfully knew a local Thai man with a particular dislike of Americans and cast him accordingly.	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	"In the final scene in the gambling den between Mike and Nick, Cimino had Walken and De Niro improvise in one take."	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter was Cimino's first film to use Dolby noise-reduction system.	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	"The protagonist in the Redeker/Garfinkle script, Merle, was an individual who sustained a bad injury in active service and was damaged psychologically by his violent experiences, but was nevertheless a tough character with strong nerves and guts."	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	"U.S. Steel allowed filming inside its Cleveland mill, including placing the actors around the furnace floor, only after securing a $5 million insurance policy."	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	"At this point in the production, nearly halfway through principal photography, Cimino was already overbudget, and producer Spikings could tell from the script that shooting the extended scene could sink the project."	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	One short battle sequence—200 feet of film in the final cut—took five days to dub.	1	4	0
The Deer Hunter	The stag which Michael allows to get away later was actually the same one used on TV commercials for the Connecticut Life Insurance Company.	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"During the helicopter stunt, the runners caught on the ropes of the suspension bridge and as the helicopter rose, it threatened to seriously injure De Niro and Savage."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"During the 29th Berlin International Film Festival in 1979, the Soviet delegation expressed its indignation with the film which, in their opinion, insulted the Vietnamese people in numerous scenes."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"According to Cimino, De Niro requested a live cartridge in the revolver for the scene in which he subjects John Cazale's character to an impromptu game of Russian roulette, to heighten the intensity of the situation."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"All four writers—Cimino, Washburn, Garfinkle and Redeker—received an Oscar nomination for Best Original Screenplay for this film."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	The production manager asked each of the Russian immigrant extras to bring to the location a gift-wrapped box to double for wedding presents.	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	Both Ebert and Siskel called the win for Christopher Walken receiving the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor.	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"The film won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Michael Cimino, and Best Supporting Actor for Christopher Walken, and was named by the American Film Institute as the 53rd greatest American film of all time in the 10th Anniversary Edition of the AFI's 100 Years...100 Movies list."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	"While the film opened the same year as Hal Ashby's Coming Home, Sidney Furie's The Boys in Company C, and Ted Post's Go Tell the Spartans, it was the first film about Vietnam to reach a wide audience and critical acclaim, culminating in the winning of the Oscar for Best Picture."	2	2	1
The Deer Hunter	Zinner was later fired by Cimino when he discovered that Zinner was editing down the wedding scenes.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The film was shot over a period of six months.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cimino frequently referred to The Deer Hunter as a personal and autobiographical film, although later investigation by journalists like Tom Buckley of Harper's revealed inaccuracies in Cimino's accounts and reported background."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The cast and crew viewed large amounts of news footage from the war to ensure authenticity.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to producer Deeley, he only heard from office rumor that Washburn was contracted by Cimino to work on the script."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The audience's sympathy with prisoners who (quite understandably) cracked thus completes the chain.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The scenes were filmed in the summer, but were set in the fall."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Deeley, he planted a friend of his in the Oscar press area behind the stage to ask Fonda if she had seen The Deer Hunter."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"It was also suggested that De Niro, Christopher Walken, and John Savage were too old to have enlisted for Vietnam (Savage, the youngest of the three, was 28)."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The final scene in which all the main characters gather and sing God Bless America became a subject of heated debate among critics when the film was released.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino worked for six weeks with Deric Washburn on the script.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"In addition to this, director Cimino instructed the props department to fashion complete Pennsylvania IDs for each of them, including driver's licenses, medical cards and various other pieces of paraphernalia, in order to enhance each actor's sense of his character."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"One of the most talked-about sequences in the film, the Vietcong's use of Russian roulette with POWs, was criticized as being contrived and unrealistic since there were no documented cases of Russian roulette in the Vietnam War."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The film was praised for its depiction of working-class settings and environment; Cimino's direction of the performances by De Niro, Walken, Streep, Savage, Dzundza and Cazale; the symphonic shifts of tone and pacing in moving from America to Vietnam; the tension during the Russian roulette scenes; and the themes of American disillusionment."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Deer Hunter unleashed a new, raw dynamic in combat and action, paving the way for Platoon, Saving Private Ryan and Clint Eastwood's Iwo Jima films."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"When the movie was being planned during the mid-1970s, Vietnam was still a taboo subject with all major Hollywood studios."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"However, Ebert incorrectly guessed that Robert De Niro would win for Best Actor for Deer Hunter and Jill Clayburgh would win for Best Actress for An Unmarried Woman while Siskel called the wins for Jon Voight as Best Actor and Jane Fonda as Best Actress, both for Coming Home."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The set features a cinematographer's commentary by Vilmos Zsigmond, deleted and extended scenes, and production notes."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino would later claim to have written the entire screenplay himself.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	De Niro also accompanied Cimino to scout locations for the steel-mill sequence as well as rehearse with the actors to use the workshops as a bonding process.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"A second version, part of the Legacy Series, was released as a two-disc set on September 6, 2005, with an anamorphic transfer of the film."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"While appearing later in the film, the first scenes shot upon arrival in Thailand are the hospital sequences between Walken and the military doctor."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"By this point, The Deer Hunter had cost $13 million and the film still had to go through an arduous post-production."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	It was hailed by many critics as the best American epic since Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"In 1996, The Deer Hunter was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Deeley, Cimino questioned the need for the Russian roulette element of the script and Redeker made such a passionate case for it that he ended up literally on his knees."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"Washburn, nominated for Best Original Screenplay, claims his limousine was pelted with stones."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Variety, Police and The Deer Hunter protesters clashed in a brief but bloody battle that resulted in 13 arrests."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The story takes place in Clairton, a small working class town on the Monongahela River south of Pittsburgh and then in Vietnam, somewhere in the woodland and in Saigon, during the Vietnam War."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	Academy Award-winning film director Miloš Forman and Academy Award-nominated actor Mickey Rourke consider The Deer Hunter to be one of the greatest films of all time.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The scenes of Russian roulette were highly controversial on release.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter won five Oscars at the 51st Academy Awards in 1979:	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"David Thomson wrote in an article titled The Deer Hunter: Story of a scene that the film changed the way war-time battles were portrayed on film: The terror and the blast of firepower changed the war film, even if it only used a revolver."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The failure of Heaven's Gate led several critics to revise their positions on The Deer Hunter.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The wedding scenes were filmed at the historic St. Theodosius Russian Orthodox Cathedral in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	The wedding took five days to film.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cimino's next film, Heaven's Gate, debuted to lacerating reviews and took in only $3 million in ticket sales, effectively leaving United Artists bankrupt."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Deer Hunter was one of the first, and most controversial, major theatrical films to be critical of the American involvement in Vietnam following 1975 when the war officially ended."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"De Niro and Savage performed their own stunts in the fall into the river, filming the 30&#160;ft drop 15 times in two days."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"In his review, Roger Ebert defended the artistic license of Russian roulette, arguing it is the organizing symbol of the film: Anything you can believe about the game, about its deliberately random violence, about how it touches the sanity of men forced to play it, will apply to the war as a whole."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"A picture under two and a half hours can scrape three shows a day, wrote Deeley, but at three hours you've lost one third of your screenings and one third of your income for the cinemas, distributors, and profit participants."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	All scenes were shot on location (no sound stages).	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	"Regarding the clashes between him and Cimino, Zinner replied Michael Cimino and I had our differences at the end, but he kissed me when we both got Academy Awards."	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	Washburn did not interview any veterans to write The Deer Hunter nor do any research.	2	3	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino and Washburn's revised script distilled the three aspects of Merle's personality and separated them out into three distinct characters.	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	The first actor hired turned out to be incapable of slapping De Niro in the face.	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	"In addition, the film was nominated in four other categories:"	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	"The script eventually went through several drafts, evolving into a story with three distinct acts."	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	"The bar was specially constructed in an empty storefront in Mingo Junction, Ohio for $25,000; it later became an actual saloon for local steel mill workers."	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	De Niro suggested that Walken be slapped for real by one of the guards without any warning.	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	This was the first feature film depicting the Vietnam War to be filmed on location in Thailand.	3	1	1
The Deer Hunter	"StudioCanal released the film on the Blu-ray format in countries other than the United States on March 11, 2009."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Other films released in the late 1970s and 1980s that illustrated the 'hellish', futile conditions of bloody Vietnam War combat included:"	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"However, many critics maintain that The Deer Hunter is still a great film whose power hasn't diminished, including David Thomson and A. O. Scott."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley felt the story credits for Garfinkle and Redeker did them less than justice.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The ensuing domino effect led to the walk-outs of the Cubans, East Germans, Bulgarians, Poles and Czechoslovakians, and two members of the jury resigned in sympathy."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"We still had to get millions out of a major studio, wrote Deeley, as well as convince our markets around the world that they should buy it before it was finished."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino and Washburn previously collaborated with Stephen Bochco on the screenplay for Silent Running.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four stars and called it one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Exactly how Allan Carr came into The Deer Hunter's orbit I can no longer remember, recalled producer Deeley, but the picture became a crusade to him."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Director and co-writer Michael Cimino, writer Deric Washburn, producers Barry Spikings and Michael Deeley all have different versions of how the film came to be."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The trick would be to find a way to turn a very clever piece of writing into a practical, realizable film."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to producer Spikings, Wasserman let EMI's CEO Bernard Delfont decide between the two and chose Cimino's longer cut."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Director Cimino claims he bribed the projectionist to interrupt the shorter version, in order to obtain better reviews of the longer one."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	However Relyea told Deeley that he would not be able to be the producer on Deer Hunter.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"In 1968, the record company EMI formed a new company called EMI Films, headed by producers Barry Spikings and Michael Deeley."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cimino's bold, powerful 'Nam epic goes from blue-collar macho rituals to a fiery, South East Asian hell and back to a ragged singalong of America The Beautiful."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"After the Oscar nominations, Universal widened the distribution to include major cities, building up to a full-scale release on February 23, 1979, just following the Oscars."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Three decades later, 'imagination' seems to have stilled those worries&#160;... and The Deer Hunter is one of the great American films."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"There was discussion about shooting the film on a back lot, but the material demanded more realism, says Spikings."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"It was a classic case: you get a dummy, get him to write the goddamn thing, tell him to go fuck himself, put your name on the thing, and he'll go away."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"His direction to his actors: You put the gun to your head, Chris, you shoot, you fall over and Bobby cradles your head."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Producer Spikings, while proud of the film, regrets the way the Vietnamese were portrayed."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Deeley wasn't surprised by the Universal response: The Deer Hunter was a United Artists sort of picture, whereas Convoy was more in the style of Universal."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Who got to keep all these wonderful offerings, wrote Deeley is a mystery I never quite fathomed."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino originally claimed that the wedding scene would take up 21 minutes of screentime.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to producer Deeley, orchestrated lobbying against The Deer Hunter was led by Warren Beatty, whose own picture Heaven Can Wait had multiple nominations."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Deeley felt the revised script, now called The Deer Hunter, broke fresh ground for the project."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"He asked the Academy to sit out the show backstage, but when the Academy refused, De Niro stayed home in New York."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	It was about how individuals respond to pressure: different men reacting quite differently.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"After Cimino was hired, he was called into a meeting with Garfinkle and Redeker at the EMI office."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Region 2 version of The Deer Hunter, released in the UK and Japan, features a commentary track from director Michael Cimino."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Inhumanity was the theme of The Deer Hunter's portrayal of the North Vietnamese prison guards forcing American POWs to play Russian roulette.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Sarris added, I was never taken in&#160;... Hence, the stupidity and incoherence in Heaven's Gate came as no surprise since very much the same stupidity and incoherence had been amply evident in The Deer Hunter."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"In his Vanity Fair article The Vietnam Oscars, Peter Biskind wrote that the political agenda of The Deer Hunter was something of a mystery: It may have been more a by-product of Hollywood myopia, the demands of the war-film genre, garden-variety American parochialism, and simple ignorance than it was the pre-meditated right-wing road map it seemed to many."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The impression a viewer gets is that if we did some bad things there we did them ruthlessly but impersonally; the Vietcong were cruel and sadistic.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	I needed someone with the calibre of Robert De Niro.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Pauline Kael of The New Yorker wrote a positive review with some reservations: [It is a small minded film with greatness in it&#160;... with an enraptured view of common life&#160;... [but enraging, because, despite its ambitiousness and scale, it has no more moral intelligence than the Eastwood action pictures."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Associated Press reporter Peter Arnett, who won a Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of the war, wrote in the Los Angeles Times, In its 20 years of war, there was not a single recorded case of Russian roulette&#160;..."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Jack Kroll of Time asserted it put director Cimino right at the center of film culture.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	De Niro brought Meryl Streep to the attention of Cimino and Deeley.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	He further defended his position by saying that he had news clippings from Singapore that confirm Russian roulette was used during the war (without specifying which article).	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	David Denby of New York called it an epic with qualities that we almost never see any more&#160;— range and power and breadth of experience.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Stephen Farber pronounced the film in New West magazine as the greatest anti-war movie since La Grande Illusion.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	An actual priest was cast as the priest at the wedding.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Its greatness is blunted by its length and one-sided point of view, but the film's weaknesses are overpowered by Michael Cimino's sympathetic direction and a series of heartbreaking performances from Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, and Christopher Walken."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"However, The Deer Hunter was not without critical backlash, especially in light of the film's controversial use of Russian roulette at its center."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Actor William Fichtner retrospectively stated that he and his partner were silenced after seeing the film, stating that the human experience was just so pointed; their journeys were so difficult, as life is sometimes."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"When the limos pulled up to the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion on April 9, 1979, they were met by demonstrators, mostly from the Los Angeles chapter of Vietnam Veterans Against the War."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	CBS paid $3.5 million for three runs of the film.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Producers Spikings and Deeley were pleased with the first cut, which ran for three-and-a-half hours."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Another sequence recreated the 1975 American evacuation of Saigon; Cimino brought the film's composer, Stanley Myers, out to the location to listen to the auto, tank, and jeep horns as the sequence was being photographed."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"In her review, Pauline Kael wrote, The Vietcong are treated in the standard inscrutable-evil Oriental style of the Japanese in the Second World War movies&#160;..."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Hiring De Niro turned out to be a casting coup because he knew nearly every actor in New York.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"After consulting various Hollywood agents, Deeley found writer-director Michael Cimino, represented by Stan Kamen at the William Morris Agency."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Beatty also used ex-girlfriends in his campaign: Julie Christie, serving on the jury at the Berlin Film Festival where Deer Hunter was screened, joined the walkout of the film by the Russian jury members."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter has twice been released on DVD in America.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino contested the results of the arbitration.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The film took five months to mix the soundtrack.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American war drama film co-written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian American steelworkers and their service in the Vietnam War.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"I sicked Verna on Cimino, Mount says."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The actors gestured and yelled furiously to the crew in the helicopter to warn them.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley added that Carr's promotion of the film was influential in positioning The Deer Hunter for Oscar nominations.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The spec script was about people who go to Las Vegas to play Russian Roulette.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The film holds a metascore of 73 on Metacritic, based on 7 reviews, and 92% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 48 reviews."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to producer Michael Deeley, the standard response was no American would want to see a picture about Vietnam."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The network later cancelled the acquisition on the contractually permitted grounds of the film containing too much violence for US network transmission.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The result, according to Cimino: Myers composed the music for that scene in the same key as the horn sounds, so the music and the sound effects would blend with the images to create one jarring, desolate experience."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"He nagged, charmed, threw parties, he created word-of-mouth&#160;– everything that could be done in Hollywood to promote a project."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The screenplay had struck me as brilliant, wrote Deeley, but it wasn't complete."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Christopher Walken, the historical context wasn't paramount: In the making of it, I don't remember anyone ever mentioning Vietnam! De Niro added to this sentiment: Whether [the film's vision of the war actually happened or not, it's something you could imagine very easily happening."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Whether Cimino hired Washburn as his sub-contractor or as a co-writer was constantly being obfuscated, wrote Deeley, and there were some harsh words between them later on, or so I was told."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The manager figured if the extras did this, not only would the production save time and money, but the gifts would also look more authentic."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The release strategy was to qualify the film for Oscar consideration and close after a week to build interest.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Director Cimino was invited to the memorial's opening.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Zsigmond also had to desaturate the colors of the exterior shots, partly in camera and in the laboratory processing."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The amateur extras lined up for the crowded wedding-dance sequences drank real liquor and beer.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Each of the six principal male characters carried a photo in their back pockets depicting them all together as children so as to enhance the sense of camaraderie amongst them.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"De Niro was one of the biggest stars at that time, coming off Mean Streets, The Godfather Part II, and Taxi Driver."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Film critic and biographer David Thomson also agrees that the film works despite the controversy: There were complaints that the North Vietnamese had not employed Russian roulette.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Once the unit wrapped and the extras disappeared, the crew discovered to their amusement that the boxes weren't empty but filled with real presents, from china to silverware."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Director Cimino was also criticized for one-sidedly portraying all the North Vietnamese as despicable, sadistic racists and killers."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino confronted Washburn at the Sunset Marquis in LA about the draft and Washburn supposedly replied that he couldn't take the pressure and had to go home.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The demonstrators waved placards covered with slogans that read No Oscars for racism and The Deer Hunter a bloody lie and thrust pamphlets berating Deer Hunter into long lines of limousine windows.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"More recently, BBC film critic Mark Kermode challenged the film's status among generally praised film classics: There is an unwritten rule in film criticism that certain films are beyond rebuke."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Canby said in his famous review of Heaven's Gate, [The film fails so completely that you might suspect Mr. Cimino sold his soul to the Devil to obtain the success of The Deer Hunter, and the Devil has just come around to collect."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	It raised the question of whether this conclusion was meant ironically or not – as a critique of patriotism or a paean to it.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The film was based in part on an unproduced screenplay called The Man Who Came to Play by Louis Garfinkle and Quinn K. Redeker about Las Vegas and Russian roulette.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Zinner eventually cut the film down to 18,000&#160;feet."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The film went over-budget and over-schedule and ended up costing $15 million.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Producer Deeley has said that Cimino shot the brutal Vietcong Russian roulette scenes brilliantly and more efficiently than any other part of the film.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"We were thrilled by what we saw, wrote Deeley, and knew that within the three and a half hours we watched there was a riveting film."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"With Streep came John Cazale, Streep's romantic partner at the time, who was already very sick with cancer and would die shortly afterwards."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley claims that the two-and-a-half hour version tested had a better response.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The film stars Robert De Niro, Christopher Walken, John Savage, John Cazale, Meryl Streep, and George Dzundza."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Fonda replied she had not seen the film, and to this day she still has not."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cazale agreed without protest, but obsessively rechecked the gun before each take to make sure that the live round wasn't next in the chamber."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"In the original script, the roles of Merle (later renamed Mike) and Nick were reversed in the last half of the film."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	This film was important for helping massage release patterns for so-called prestige pictures that screen only at the end of the year to qualify for Academy Award recognition.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Producer Michael Deeley, who bought the script, hired writer/director Michael Cimino who, with Deric Washburn, rewrote the script, taking the Russian roulette element and placing it in the Vietnam War."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Nick returns home to Linda, while Mike remains in Vietnam, sends money home to help Steven, and meets his tragic fate at the Russian roulette table."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"When Washburn was finished, he says, Cimino and Joann Carelli, an associate producer on The Deer Hunter who would go on to produce two more of Cimino's films, took him to dinner at a cheap restaurant off the Sunset Strip."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Washburn, he and Cimino spent three days together in L.A. at the Sunset Marquis, hammering out the plot."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to Cimino, he would call Washburn while on the road scouting for locations and feed him notes on dialogue and story."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley suggested that her criticisms partly stemmed from the competition between her film Coming Home vying with The Deer Hunter for Best Picture.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"They protested against the screening of the film and insisted that it violated the statutes of the festival, since it in no way contributed to the improvement of mutual understanding between the peoples of the world."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Deeley believes that Cimino always planned to make this prologue last for an hour, and the plan was to be advanced by stealth rather than straight dealing."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Accordingly, some veterans who suffered in that war found the Russian roulette a valid allegory."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino himself was confident that he could further develop the principal characters of The Man Who Came to Play without losing the essence of the original.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"According to producer Spikings, Cimino said he wanted to work again with Washburn."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Much of it, including some casting decisions, suggest inspiration by The Godfather."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"John is a straightforward Cornishman who had worked his way up to become a production supervisor, wrote Deeley, and we employed him as EMI's watchman on certain pictures."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"In addition to attracting buyers, Deeley felt De Niro was the right age, apparently tough as hell, and immensely talented."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The woman tasked with casting the extras in Thailand had much difficulty finding a local to play the vicious individual who runs the Russian roulette game.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cimino countered that his film was not political, polemical, literally accurate, or posturing for any particular point of view."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Upon reviewing Washburn's draft, Cimino said, I came back, and read it and I just could not believe what I read."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	The reception scene was filmed at nearby Lemko Hall.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Leonard Maltin also gave the film four stars, calling it a sensitive, painful, evocative work."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"To accomplish a look of fall, individual leaves were removed from deciduous trees."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Executives from Universal, including Lew Wasserman and Sid Sheinberg, were not very enthusiastic."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Because he had no apparent motive for this promotion, it had an added power and legitimacy and it finally did start to penetrate the minds of the Universal's sales people that they actually had in their hands something a bit more significant than the usual."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"Producer Deeley, on the other hand, was quick to defend Cimino's comments on the nature and motives of the film: The Deer Hunter wasn't really 'about' Vietnam."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley hired Relyea after meeting him on the set of Bullitt and was impressed with his experience.	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"At the risk of being thrown out of the 'respectable film critics' circle, may I take this opportunity to declare officially that in my opinion The Deer Hunter is one of the worst films ever made, a rambling self indulgent, self aggrandizing barf-fest steeped in manipulatively racist emotion, and notable primarily for its farcically melodramatic tone which is pitched somewhere between shrieking hysteria and somnambulist sombreness."	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The film ranks 467th in the Empire magazine's 2008 list of the 500 greatest movies of all time, noting:"	3	2	0
The Deer Hunter	"The soundtrack to The Deer Hunter was released on audio CD on October 25, 1990."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"There has been considerable debate, controversy, and conflicting stories about how The Deer Hunter was initially developed and written."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"What Dolby does, replied Cimino, is to give you the ability to create a density of detail of sound—a richness so you can demolish the wall separating the viewer from the film."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I had a month, that was it, he explains."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"In their Nazi wisdom, added Cimino, [they didn't give me the credit because I would be producer, director and writer."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I don't think any of us meant it to be exploitive, Spikings said."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	You can come close to demolishing the screen.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	In a 2011 interview with Rotten Tomatoes.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"As the Oscars drew near, the backlash against The Deer Hunter gathered strength."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	I cut Deer Hunter myself.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The enemy is still bestial and stupid, and no match for our purity and heroism; only we no longer wipe up the floor with him -- rather, we litter it with his guts."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The film's initial reviews were largely enthusiastic.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Apocalypse Now is surreal.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The wedding sequence was a cinematic event all unto its own.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"It was released on Blu-ray in the U.S. on March 6, 2012."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"On the Sneak Previews special Oscar Preview for 1978, Roger Ebert correctly predicted that The Deer Hunter would win for Best Picture while Gene Siskel predicted that Coming Home would win."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Footage of this is included in the film.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Mount says he turned to Verna Fields, Universal's then-head of post-production."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	I'd muddled and sold the wrong picture to each studio.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I think they were shocked, recalled Spikings."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The film was released on HD DVD on December 26, 2006."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Before the beginning of principal photography began, Deeley had a meeting with the film's appointed line producer Robert Relyea."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	I was fired.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	It was The Deer Hunter and the Hunter and the Hunter.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The reaction on Walken's face was genuine.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Washburn's response to Cimino's comments were, It's all nonsense."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	So how does a soldier come to terms with his defeat and yet still retain his self-respect?	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Film producer and old-fashioned mogul Allan Carr used his networking abilities to promote The Deer Hunter.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Citizen Kane, Some Like It Hot, 2001, The Godfather Part II...&#160;all these are considered to be classics of such universally accepted stature&#160;..."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	They can blame their leaders.. or they can blame themselves.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Jane Fonda also criticized The Deer Hunter in public.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Peverall's expertise with budgeting and scheduling made him a natural successor to Relyea and knew enough about the picture to be elevated to producer status.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The initial budget of the film was $8.5 million.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"One way is to present the conquering enemy as so inhuman, and the battle between the good guys (us) and the bad guys (them) so uneven, as to render defeat irrelevant."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	It is perhaps significant that the actors remain more interesting than the characters they play.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Cimino then fired Washburn.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"In his book Final Cut: Dreams and Disaster in the Making of Heaven's Gate, Steven Bach wrote, critics seemed to feel obliged to go on the record about The Deer Hunter, to demonstrate that their critical credentials were un-besmirched by having been, as Sarris put it, 'taken in.'"	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Its vision is that of an original, major new filmmaker."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Thom Mount, president of Universal at the time, said, This was just a fucking continuing nightmare from the day Michael finished the picture to the day we released it."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Cimino would later comment in The New York Observer, [Zinner was a moron&#160;..."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	I didn't have a single drink the entire time I was working on the script.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The central metaphor of the movie is simply a bloody lie.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I got on the plane the next day, and I went back to Manhattan and my carpenter job."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"De Niro holds it together, but Christopher Walken, Meryl Streep and John Savage are unforgettable."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The film eventually grossed $48.9 million at the US box office.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"As a result, Cimino was acting without day-to-day supervision of a producer."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The movie was endless.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley was impressed by Cimino's TV commercial work and Thunderbolt and Lightfoot.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Both the long and short versions were previewed to Midwestern audiences, although there are different accounts among Cimino, Deeley and Spikings as to how the previews panned out."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Other socialist states also voiced their solidarity with the heroic people of Vietnam.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The Deer Hunter is a parable&#160;... Men who fight and lose an unworthy war face some obvious and unpalatable choices.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Over the course of further meetings, Cimino and Deeley discussed the work needed at the front of the script and Cimino believed he could develop the stories of the main characters in twenty minutes of film."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"While producer Deeley was pleased with the revised script, he was still concerned about being able to sell the film."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The first 1998 issue was by Universal, with no extra features and a non-anamorphic transfer, and has since been discontinued."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	All's fair in love and war.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Vincent Canby of the New York Times called The Deer Hunter a big, awkward, crazily ambitious motion picture that comes as close to being a popular epic as any movie about this country since The Godfather."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley believes that this scene was the spur that would earn him an Academy Award.[a	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I was so tired, I didn't care."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	That was simply because he was wedded to everything he shot.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"John Simon of New York wrote: For all its pretensions to something newer and better, this film is only an extension of the old Hollywood war-movie lie."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Self-blame has been a great burden for many war veterans.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Deeley did agree with Universal that the film needed to be shorter, not just because of pacing but also to ensure commercial success."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Andrew Sarris wrote that the film was massively vague, tediously elliptical, and mysteriously hysterical&#160;..."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The film was about three steel workers in extraordinary circumstances.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"I remember after seeing it, walking down the street -- I actually went with a girl on a date and saw The Deer Hunter, and we left the theater and walked for like an hour and nobody said anything; we were just kind of stunned about that."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	Relyea refused to disclose the reasons why.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	It was said that the scenes in Saigon were fanciful or imagined.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"It is a brilliant symbol because, in the context of this story, it makes any ideological statement about the war superfluous."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"He recalls, We finished, and Joann looks at me across the table, and she says, 'Well, Deric, it's fuck-off time.'"	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	A Writers Guild arbitration process awarded Washburn sole Screenplay by credit.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Deeley purchased the first draft of a spec script called The Man Who Came to Play, written by Louis Garfinkle and Quinn K. Redeker, for $19,000."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"More or less before the late 1970s, the movies had lived by a Second World War code in which battle scenes might be fierce but always rigorously controlled."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"They became three old friends who grew up in the same small industrial town and worked in the same steel mill, and in due course would be drafted together to Vietnam."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Andrew Sarris wrote in his review of Heaven's Gate, I'm a little surprised that many of the same critics who lionized Cimino for The Deer Hunter have now thrown him to the wolves with equal enthusiasm."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Deer Hunter began principal photography on June 20, 1977."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"The Deer Hunter debuted at one theater each in New York and Los Angeles for a week on December 8, 1978."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	"Because Deeley was busy overseeing in the production of Sam Peckinpah's Convoy, he hired John Peverall to oversee Cimino's shoot."	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	I'd been working 20 hours a day for a month.	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	The RT summary reads:	4	1	0
The Deer Hunter	It was something very different.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	"In the end, it took 51 minutes."	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	"Gene Siskel from the Chicago Tribune praised the film, saying, This is a big film, dealing with big issues, made on a grand scale."	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	Maybe it did.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	It wasn't about drugs or the collapse of the morale of the soldiers.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	I don't know.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	Garfinkle and Redeker were given a shared Story by credit with Cimino and Washburn.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	Deeley suspected that Relyea sensed in director Cimino something that would have made production difficult.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	It was like it was written by somebody who was&#160;... mentally deranged.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	Other filming took place in Pittsburgh.	5	0	0
The Deer Hunter	It's lies.	5	0	0
The Incredibles	"The film also received the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the 2005 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form, and it was nominated for the 2004 Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy."	0	4	1
The Incredibles	"It won numerous awards for best score including Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award, BMI Film &amp; TV Award, ASCAP Film and Television Music Award, Annie Award, Las Vegas Film Critics Society Award and Online Film Critics Society Award and was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media, Satellite Award and Broadcast Film Critics Association Award."	0	4	1
The Incredibles	"It features characters and missions from five Pixar's films: The Incredibles, Up, Cars, Ratatouille and Toy Story."	0	5	0
The Incredibles	"Giacchino noted that recording in the 1960s was largely different from modern day recording and Dan Wallin, the recording engineer, said that Bird wanted an old feel, and as such the score was recorded on analogue tapes."	0	5	0
The Incredibles	Pixar animators filmed themselves walking to better grasp proper human motion.	0	5	0
The Incredibles	"The film ultimately grossed $261,441,092, as the sixth highest-grossing Pixar film behind Toy Story 3 ($415.0"	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"There was also a VHS release to the film on March 15, 2005, notably the last Disney/Pixar film to be widely issued in VHS format (not counting Pixar's later film Cars; whose VHS release was extremely rare)."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"It also received nominations for Best Original Screenplay (for writer/director Brad Bird) and Best Sound Mixing (Randy Thom, Gary Rizzo and Doc Kane)."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"In Belgium, car manufacturer Opel sold special The Incredibles editions of their cars."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"It was Pixar's first feature film to win multiple Oscars, followed in 2010 by Up."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"The film won the Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature, beating two DreamWorks films, Shrek 2 and Shark Tale, as well as Best Sound Editing at the 77th Academy Awards."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"Creating an all-human cast required creating new technology to animate detailed human anatomy, clothing and realistic skin and hair."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	The American Film Institute nominated The Incredibles for its Top 10 Animated Films list.	1	3	1
The Incredibles	It became the first entirely animated film to win the prestigious Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"Despite concerns that the film would receive underwhelming results, the films domestic gross was $70,467,623 in its opening weekend from 7,600 screens at 3,933 theaters, averaging $17,917 per theater or $9,272 per screen, the highest opening weekend gross for a Pixar film (the record was later broken in 2010 by Toy Story 3, with $110,307,189), the highest November opening weekend for a Disney film (the record was broken in 2013 by Thor: The Dark World with $85.7 million), the highest-opening weekend for a non-sequel animated feature (the record was broken in 2007 by The Simpsons Movie, with $74,036,787), and the highest opening weekend for a non-franchise-based film for just over five years when Avatar opened with $77,025,481."	1	3	1
The Incredibles	"Supervising technical director Rick Sayre noted that the hardest thing about the film was that there was no hardest thing, alluding to the amount of new technical challenges: fire, water, air, smoke, steam, and explosions were all additional to the new difficulty of working with humans."	1	4	0
The Incredibles	"Indeed, the producers of the 2005 adaptation of the Fantastic Four were forced to make significant script changes and add more special effects because of similarities to The Incredibles."	1	4	0
The Incredibles	"In Europe, Kinder chocolate eggs contained small plastic toy characters from the film."	1	4	0
The Incredibles	"John Barry was the first choice to do the film's score, with a trailer of the film given a rerecording of Barry's theme to On Her Majesty's Secret Service."	1	4	0
The Incredibles	"Where the technical team on Monsters, Inc. had persuaded director Pete Docter to accept pigtails on Boo to make her hair easier to animate, the character of Violet had to have long hair that obscured her face; it was integral to her character."	1	4	0
The Incredibles	"Violet's long hair was extremely difficult to achieve and for the longest time during production, it was not possible."	2	2	1
The Incredibles	"The film performed well at the box office, grossing $631 million worldwide during its original theatrical run."	2	2	1
The Incredibles	Entertainment Weekly named The Incredibles No. 25 on its list of the 25 greatest action films ever.	2	2	1
The Incredibles	"The animation team was tasked with animating an all-human cast, which required creating new technology to animate detailed human anatomy, clothing and realistic skin and hair."	2	2	1
The Incredibles	It is also the second highest-grossing 2004 animated film behind Shrek 2 ($919.8 million).	2	2	1
The Incredibles	"A second game, The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer, was released for PlayStation 2, GameCube, Xbox, Mac OS X, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and Windows."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"While Pixar celebrated another triumph with The Incredibles, Steve Jobs was embroiled in a public feud with the head of its distribution partner, The Walt Disney Company."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Her review, titled as Full Metal Racket, noted that The Incredibles announces the studio's arrival in the vast yet overcrowded Hollywood lot of eardrum-bashing, metal-crunching action sludge."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	The film's title is the name of a family of superheroes who are forced to hide their powers and live a quiet suburban life.	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"He pitched the film to Pixar after the box office disappointment of his first feature, The Iron Giant (1999), and carried over much of its staff to develop The Incredibles."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles was met with high critical acclaim, garnering high marks from professional critics, and provoking commentary on its themes."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"During this time, Bird had inked a production deal with Warner Bros. Animation and was in the process of directing his first feature, The Iron Giant."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"He found working in computer animation difficult in a different way than working traditionally, finding the software sophisticated and not particularly friendly."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"As of March 2014, a sequel is officially in development."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	They argued over the issue in several invective-laced meetings for two months until Bird finally gave in.	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"In March 2014, Disney CEO and chairman Bob Iger announced that the film will be reformatted and re-released in 3D."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	Several companies released promotional products related to the film.	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"When Disney acquired Pixar in 2006, the expectation of Disney was that Pixar would create more sequels and bankable franchises."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"In the film, Dash and Violet have to deal with villains who are perfectly willing to use deadly force against children."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"The story was bigger than any prior story at the studio, was longer in running time, and had four times the number of locations."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Also giving the film 3½ stars, People magazine found that The Incredibles boasts a strong, entertaining story and a truckload of savvy comic touches."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"During production, Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli visited Pixar and saw the film's story reels."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"In addition, it would be the company's first film in which all characters are human."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"A video game based on the film was released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance, PC, Apple Macintosh, and mobiles."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	Dark Horse Comics released a limited series of comic books based on the film.	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Despite disagreeing with some analysis, Bird felt it gratifying for his work to be considered on many different levels, which was his intention: The fact that it was written about in the op/ed section of the New York Times several times was really gratifying to me."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"The film opened on November 5, 2004 as Pixar's first film to be rated PG (for action violence) with the other PG-rated Pixar films being Up and Brave."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"In the United Kingdom, Telewest promoted blueyonder internet services with branding from the film, including television adverts starring characters from the film."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Toy maker Hasbro produced a series of action figures and toys based on the film, although the line was not as successful as the film itself."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"The DVD release also includes Jack-Jack Attack and Mr. Incredible and Pals, two Pixar short films made especially for the release of The Incredibles, and Boundin '​, a Pixar short film which premiered with The Incredibles in theaters."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	IGN ranked the film as the third favorite animated film of all time in a list published in 2010.	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Although the technical team had some experience with hair and cloth in Monsters, Inc. (2001), the amount of hair and cloth required for The Incredibles had never been done by Pixar until this point."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"Wallin noted that brass instruments, which are at the forefront of the film's score, sound better on analog equipment rather than digital."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"There were 781 visual effects shots in the film and they were quite often the gag, such as the shattering when Bob angrily shuts the car door."	2	3	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles was the highest-selling DVD of 2005, with 17.38 million copies sold."	3	1	1
The Incredibles	Humans are widely considered to be the most difficult thing to execute in animation.	3	1	1
The Incredibles	"million), Finding Nemo ($380.8 million), Up ($293.0 million), Monsters, Inc. ($289.9 million), and Monsters University ($268.5 million) and the fifth highest-grossing film of 2004."	3	1	1
The Incredibles	Entertainment Weekly also named The Incredibles No. 7 on its list of the 20 best animated movies ever.	3	1	1
The Incredibles	"Though based on the film, several key scenes are altered from the original script."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Pringles included potato chips featuring the superheroes and quotes from the film.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Premiere magazine released a cross-section of all the top critics in America and The Incredibles placed at number three, whereas review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes cross-referenced reviews that suggested it was its year's highest-rated film."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Lasseter was sold on the idea and convinced Bird to come to Pixar, where the film would be done in computer animation."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Bird and Lasseter knew each other from their college years at CalArts in the 1970s.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	It is a collection of 10 games and activities for the playable characters to perform.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles characters also star in Disney Infinity, which was released in August 2013."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Technical directors believed it would take upwards of two months to work out the goo effect, and production was at a point where two months of their time was indescribably precious."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Many critics consider it one of the best films of 2004, receiving the 2004 Annie Award for Best Animated Feature, along with two Academy Awards."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Another game, Kinect Rush: A Disney Pixar Adventure, was released on March 20, 2012, for Xbox 360."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Kellogg's released an Incredibles-themed cereal, as well as promotional Pop-Tarts and fruit snacks, all proclaiming an Incrediberry Blast of flavor."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird decided that in a shot near the film's end, baby Jack-Jack would undergo a series of transformations, and in one of the five planned he would turn himself into a kind of goo."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The film's characters were designed by Tony Fucile and Teddy Newton, whom Bird had brought with him from Warner Bros. Like most computer-animated films, The Incredibles had a year-long period of building the film from the inside out: modeling the exterior and understanding controls that work face and body — the articulation of the character — before animation could even begin."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The DC Comics character is able to grow and shrink at will from microscopic size to thousands of feet tall.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird and Fucile tried to emphasize the graphic quality of good 2-D animation to the Pixar team, who'd only worked primarily in CG."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Another team, dubbed the character team, digitally sculpted, rigged and shaded the characters, and a simulation team was responsible for developing simulation technology for hair and clothing."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"When The Iron Giant became a box office bomb, he reconnected with old friend John Lasseter at Pixar in March 2000 and pitched his story idea to him."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles as a concept dates back to 1993, when Bird sketched the family during a period in which he tried to break into film."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	It was an extension of the Pixar custom of tapping in-house staff whose voices came across particularly well on scratch dialogue tracks.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	He brought up a core group of people he worked with on The Iron Giant.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Some commentators took Bob's frustration with celebrating mediocrity and Syndrome's comment that if everyone is super, then no one is as a reflection of views shared by German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche or an extension of Russian-American novelist's Ayn Rand's Objectivism philosophy, which Bird felt was ridiculous."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"He recalled, Basically, I came into a wonderful studio, frightened a lot of people with how many presents I wanted for Christmas, and then got almost everything I asked for."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird was not surprised that comparisons arose due to superheroes being the most well-trod turf on the planet, but noted that he had not been inspired by any comic books specifically, only having heard of Watchmen."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Some purported that The Incredibles exhibited a right-wing bias, which Bird found silly."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Approaching middle age and having high aspirations for his filmmaking, Bird pondered whether his career goals were attainable only at the price of his family life."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles not only dealt with the trouble of animating CG humans, but also many other complications."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"In addition, the effects team improved upon the modeling of clouds, being able to model them for the first time with volumetric rendering."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Travers also named The Incredibles number 6 on his list of the decade's best films, writing Of all the Pixar miracles studded through the decade, The Incredibles still delights me the most."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Director Brad Bird stated in 2007 that he was open to the idea of a sequel if he could come up with an idea superior to the original film: I have pieces that I think are good, but I don't have them all together, Bird said."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The play-set for The Incredibles is featured in the starter pack.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Furthermore, in the weeks before the film's opening, there were also promotional tie-ins with SBC Communications (using Dash to promote the blazing-fast speed of its SBC Yahoo!"	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Later that month, Samuel L. Jackson told Digital Spy that he would likely reprise his role as Frozone in the sequel."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Bird's story was filled with elements that were difficult to animate with CGI at the time.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"As a result, this was to be the most complex film for Pixar yet."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The site's consensus reads: Even though The Incredibles is more violent than previous Pixar offerings, it still a witty and fun-filled adventure that almost lives up to its name."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"He stated, Consciously, this was just a funny movie about superheroes."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Joe Morgenstern of The Wall Street Journal called The Incredibles the year's best picture.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"When Bird asked if the reels made any sense or if they were just American nonsense, Miyazaki replied, through an interpreter, I think it's a very adventurous thing you are trying to do in an American film."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"It's not every toon that deals with midlife crisis, marital dysfunction, child neglect, impotence fears, fashion faux pas and existential angst."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"At the Disney shareholders meeting in March 2014, Disney CEO and chairman Bob Iger confirmed that Pixar is working on another The Incredibles film, with Bird returning as writer."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Bird had based their powers on family archetypes.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The Incredibles was written and directed solely by Brad Bird, a departure from previous Pixar productions which typically had two or three directors and as many screenwriters."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The Incredibles is the first Pixar film to be scored by Michael Giacchino.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The National Review Online named The Incredibles No. 2 on its list of the 25 best conservative movies of the last 25 years saying that it celebrates marriage, courage, responsibility, and high achievement."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Marvel Comics began a reprint of the series in August 2011—set to possibly finish the storyline—which was abruptly cancelled, despite the production of scripts and art for a finale."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"In 2004, when Disney owned sequel rights, Disney announced plans to make sequels for The Incredibles and Finding Nemo without Pixar involvement."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The studio announced a multifilm contract with Bird on May 4, 2000, breaking Pixar's mold of having directors who had all risen through the ranks."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Upon Pixar's acceptance of the project, Brad Bird was asked to bring in his own team for the production."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The film premiered on October 27, 2004 at the BFI London Film Festival and had its general release in the United States on November 5, 2004."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Several film reviewers drew precise parallels between the film and certain superhero comic books, like Powers, Watchmen, and Fantastic Four."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Sayre said the team adopted “Alpha Omega, where one team was concerned with building modeling, shading and layout and another that dealt with final camera, lighting and effects."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The skin of the characters gained a new level of realism from a technology to produce what is known as subsurface scattering.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird, who had brought Walker over from Warner Bros., took great exception to the idea that Jack-Jack could undergo a mere four transformations and that the film could do without the goo-baby."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Its theatrical release was accompanied with a Pixar short film Boundin'.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The film's organizational structure could not be mapped out like previous Pixar features, and it became a running joke to the team."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film 3½ stars and called the film one of the year's best and said that it doesn't ring cartoonish, it rings true."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"After several failed attempts to cast Edna Mode, Bird took on her voice role himself."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird, who was Pixar's first outside director, developed the film as an extension of 1960s comic books and spy films from his boyhood and personal family life."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Critic Roger Ebert awarded the film 3½ stars out of 4, writing that the film alternates breakneck action with satire of suburban sitcom life and is another example of Pixar's mastery of popular animation."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Brad Bird was looking for a specific sound as inspired by the film's design — the future as seen from the 1960s.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The challenges did not stop with modeling humans.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	Bird wrote the script without knowing the limitations or concerns that went hand-in-hand with the medium of computer animation.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"The film also explored Bird's dislike for the tendency of the children's comics and Saturday morning cartoons of his youth to portray villains as unrealistic, ineffectual, and non-threatening."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	It also won the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Wallin came from an era in which music was recorded, according to Giacchino, the right way, which consists of everyone in the same room, playing against each other and feeding off each other's energy."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"On another level, both Dash and Violet display no emotion or regret at the deaths of those who are trying to kill them, such as when Dash outruns pursuers who crash their vehicles while chasing him, or when both of them witness their parents destroy several attacking vehicles with people inside, in such a manner that the deaths of those piloting them is undeniable."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	The Incredibles is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy superhero film written and directed by Brad Bird and released by Walt Disney Pictures.	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Metacritic, another review aggregator, indicates the film universal acclaim with a 90 out of 100 rating."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"Bird found working with CG wonderfully malleable in a way that traditional animation is not, calling the camera's ability to easily switch angles in a given scene marvelously adaptable."	3	2	0
The Incredibles	"This is due to a licensing agreement between Disney·Pixar and DC Comics, who has a character named Elasti-Girl (a member of the Doom Patrol)."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"For the technical crew members, the film's human characters posed a difficult set of challenges."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Mr. Incredible's desire to help people draws the entire family into a battle with an evil villain and his killer robot.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Look, it's a mainstream animated movie, and how often are those considered thought provoking?"	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"It was released on Blu-ray in North America on April 12, 2011."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"DSL service) Tide, Downy, Bounce and McDonald's."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	He did comment that it was nice to be compared to something as highly regarded as Watchmen.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"They petitioned to the film's producer, John Walker for help."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Tim Simonec was the conductor/orchestrator for the score's recording.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	But I think that what was going on in my life definitely filtered into the movie.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"However, Barry did not wish to duplicate the sound of some of his earlier soundtracks; the assignment was instead given to Giacchino."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"The film's 2-disc Collector's Edition DVD set was released on March 15, 2005."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"The film's orchestral score was released on November 2, 2004, three days before the film opened in theaters."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	It was the sixth film produced by Pixar Animation Studios.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Similarly, Jessica Winter of The Village Voice criticized the film for playing as a standard summer action film, despite being released in early November."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	The film was also released on UMD for the Sony PSP.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Bird also insisted that the storyboards define the blocking of characters' movements, lighting, and camera moves, which had previously been left to other departments rather than storyboarded."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"The first miniseries by BOOM! was The Incredibles: Family Matters by Mark Waid and Marcio Takara, which was published from March to June 2009, and collected into a trade paperback published in July of that year."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"During an interview in May 2013, Bird reiterated his interest in making a sequel."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"An ongoing series written by both Mark Waid and Landry Walker, with art by Marcio Takara and Ramanda Kamarga, began later that same year, running for sixteen issues before being cancelled in October 2010."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Taking place immediately after the film, the sequel focuses on Mr. Incredible and Frozone as they do battle with the megalomaniacal mole, The Underminer."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"After the box office failure of The Iron Giant, Bird gravitated toward his superhero story."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	He imagined it as an homage to the 1960s comic books and spy films from his boyhood and he initially tried to develop it as a traditionally animated film.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Eleanor Ringel Gillespie of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution was bored by the film's recurring pastiches of earlier action films, concluding, the Pixar whizzes do what they do excellently; you just wish they were doing something else."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"The film was also number 1 in its second weekend, grossing another $50,251,359, dropping just 29 percent, and easily out-grossing new animated opener The Polar Express."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Bird came to Pixar with the lineup of the story's family members worked out: a mom and dad, both suffering through the dad's midlife crisis; a shy teenage girl; a cocky ten-year-old boy; and a baby."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Worldwide, the film grossed $631,442,092, is the fifth highest-grossing Pixar film behind Toy Story 3 ($1.063"	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Bird self-admitted that he had the knees of [the studio trembling under the weight of The Incredibles, but called the film a testament to the talent of the animators at Pixar, who were admiring the challenges the film provoked."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"billion), Finding Nemo ($936.7 million), Monsters University ($743.6 million) and Up ($731.3 million), and ranked fourth for 2004."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"In July 2008, it was announced that a series of comic books based on the film would be published by BOOM! Studios in collaboration with Disney Publishing by the end of the year."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"The film received a 97% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes which as of October 2014, made the movie the tenth most highly rated animated film of all time."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Moreover, Bird would tolerate no compromises for the sake of technical simplicity."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Because of this, many 2-D artists had to make the shift to 3-D, including Bird himself."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Michael Giacchino composed the film's orchestral score.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"Disney was initially reluctant to make the film because of these issues, feeling a live-action film would be preferable, though Lasseter vetoed this."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Bird attempted to incorporate teaching from Disney's Nine Old Men that the crew at Pixar had never really emphasized.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"I have many, many elements that I think would work really well in another Incredibles film, and if I can get ‘em to click all together, I would probably wanna do that."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Personal issues had percolated into the story as they weighed on him in life.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"In all merchandising outside of the film itself, Elastigirl is referred to as Mrs. Incredible."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	Those plans were subsequently scrapped.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	"In addition, animators had to adapt to having hair underwater and blowing through the wind."	4	1	0
The Incredibles	This would eventually lead to the ousting of Michael Eisner and Disney's acquisition of Pixar the following year.	4	1	0
The Incredibles	He stated that a large portion of the audience understood the satire whereas two percent thought I was doing The Fountainhead or Atlas Shrugged.	5	0	0
The Incredibles	"A third game, The Incredibles: When Danger Calls, was released for Windows and Mac OS X."	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Closing on October 13, 2011 with $352.4 million, it is the second-highest grossing film of  and the second-highest grossing film in the franchise."	0	3	2
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film grossed $32.5 million on its opening day, pacing 38% ahead of its predecessor."	0	4	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The most complex scene involved the Driller destroying a computer-generated skyscraper, which took 288 hours per frame."	0	4	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Huntington-Whitely was later nominated for the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Supporting Actress for her performance, but lost to David Spade for Jack and Jill."	0	5	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"For a sequence where Bumblebee catches Sam and Lennox while transforming in mid-air, a digital double of Shia LaBeouf was combined with footage of the actor in high speed so that the effects team could time it for slow-motion."	0	5	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Its worldwide opening weekend ($382.4 million) is the fourth-largest ever and the largest for Paramount.	1	3	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Dark of the Moon has been found to contain recycled footage from an earlier film directed by Michael Bay, The Island."	1	3	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The fourth and final reference is when Sentinel Prime activates the Control Pillar, quoting Spock's maxim in Star Trek II and Star Trek III: The Search for Spock, The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few."	1	3	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Every robot would take approximately 30 weeks to build visually.	1	3	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On the last weekend of ILM's work on Dark of the Moon, the company's entire render farm was being used for the film, giving ILM more than 200,000 hours of rendering power a day—or equivalent to 22.8 years of rendering time in a 24-hour period."	1	3	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"For its three-day opening weekend (Friday-to-Sunday), it grossed $97.9 million."	1	4	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The aftermarket multimedia bundle Transformers: Dark Side of the Moon consists of a DVD or Blu-ray copy of Transformers: Dark of the Moon and a CD or digital copy of Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, intended to be synchronized by setting one's CD or media file player to repeat mode and relatively high volume, turning the audiovisual volume down or off, playing the DVD or Blu-ray disc, and starting the CD as the final star in the Paramount logo appears."	1	4	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On October 16, a scene in the later 1960s was shot at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, utilizing extras with period fashion and hairstyles."	1	4	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Dark of the Moon employed both regular 35mm film cameras and specially-developed 3-D cameras, with filming locations in Chicago, Florida, Indiana, Milwaukee, Moscow, and Washington, D.C.."	1	4	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Following China in total earnings were South Korea ($69.1 million) and Japan ($54.2 million).	2	2	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Preparation for filming began on April 7, 2010 in Northwest Indiana, specifically around Gary, which portrayed Ukraine in the film."	2	2	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"By the end of its first weekend, it had earned $219.8 million, which stands as the fifth-largest opening weekend of all time overseas and the largest for Paramount."	2	2	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"While filming a chase scene at 3rd Street and Maryland Avenue, SW, a Metropolitan Police K9 Unit SUV accidentally rammed the Camaro that portrays Bumblebee in the film."	2	2	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It achieved the third-largest opening weekend of 2011, the fourth-largest opening weekend in July, the fifth-largest opening weekend for a film not released on Friday and the second-largest five-day gross for a film opening on Wednesday."	2	2	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On October 1, 2009, Bay revealed that Transformers: Dark of the Moon had already gone into pre-production, and its planned release was back to its originally intended date of July 1, 2011, rather than 2012."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film also welcomed Keith Szarabajka, Ron Bottitta, John DiMaggio, George Coe, Francesco Quinn, James Remar, Greg Berg, and veteran science-fiction actor Leonard Nimoy to the voice cast."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It follows the same story structure as Dark of the Moon, being set in 1969, the year of Apollo 11."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Charlie Jane Anders of io9 believed that some elements of the film were deliberate self-references to Michael Bay's own sense of under-appreciation after the backlash to the second film: After a few hours of seeing Shia get dissed, overlooked and mistreated, the message becomes clear: Shia, as always, is a stand-in for Michael Bay."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Transformers: Dark of the Moon (or simply Transformers 3) is a 2011 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It also topped the Blu-ray charts on the same week and it has sold 2,381,657 Blu-ray units (earning $50,934,911) by October 23, 2011."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	LaBeouf also stated that the additions of Huntington-Whiteley and new characters allows Dark of the Moon to keep the magic of the first film.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"She went on to say that the film's frequent, often jarring shifts in tone were an intentional endorsement of Michael Bay's own filmmaking style."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	35mm film was used for scenes filmed in slow motion and scenes such as closeups of faces or shots of the sky which required higher image quality than the HD digital 3-D cameras could provide.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It is also the tenth film in cinematic history to earn more than $1,000 million, and the fifth-fastest film to achieve this."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The supervisor said that Bay's style of cinematography helped integrate the robots into the scenes, as Michael is keen on having foreground/midground/background depth in his shots, even in normal live-action shots."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In addition to using the 3-D Fusion camera rigs developed by Cameron's team, Bay and the team spent nine months developing a more portable 3-D camera that could be brought into location."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On May 2012, it was revealed that an $18 million settlement had been reached between Paramount and the Cedillo family."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Due to the critically panned Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, Bay decided to remove the characters called the Twins entirely from Dark of the Moon: This one really builds to a final crescendo."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Having been called Transformers 3 up to that point, the film's final title was revealed to be Dark of the Moon in October 2010."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film's story is set three years after the events of the 2009 film, with the Autobots, during their collaboration with the NEST (Nonbiological Extraterrestrial Species Treaty) military force, discovering a hidden alien technology in possession of humans, which had been found by Apollo 11 on the Moon 42 years earlier."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The novel features about 400 pages and is published by Del Rey Books.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"American rock band Linkin Park composed the lead single for the film, Iridescent, as they did with the first two films: What I've Done was used in the 2007 film and New Divide for the 2009 film."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"While many critics praised the film's visual effects and 3-D action sequences, criticism was directed towards the film's long running time, acting, and script."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Like its predecessors, Transformers and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, Transformers: Dark of the Moon is directed by Michael Bay and executive produced by Steven Spielberg."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The first Star Trek reference is when refugee robots Brains and Wheelie, who live in Sam and Carly's apartment complex, are watching TOS episode Amok Time; Wheelie comments I've seen this one."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In May 2011, the novelization, junior novel, and graphic novel of Transformers: Dark of the Moon were released."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The versions for Nintendo's consoles were developed by Behaviour Interactive, while the versions for the rest of the consoles were developed by High Moon Studios, who had previously developed Transformers: War for Cybertron."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Most of the characters returned for Hasbro's new toyline, which was released on May 16, 2011."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Transformers: Dark of the Moon first premiered at the Moscow International Film Festival on June 23, 2011."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Due to the revived interest in 3-D technology brought in by the success of Avatar, talks between Paramount, ILM, and Bay had considered the possibility of the next Transformers film being filmed in 3-D, and testing was performed to bring the technology into Bay's work."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On the topic of 3-D, Schneider said Transformers 3 was a mix of native stereoscopic 3-D camera capturing and 2-D/3-D conversion (as a 3-D tool), and most was done very well."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Shia LaBeouf, Josh Duhamel, Tyrese Gibson, and John Turturro reprised their starring roles, with Peter Cullen and Hugo Weaving returning as the voices of Optimus Prime and Megatron, and Kevin Dunn and Julie White reprising their roles Sam Witwicky's parents."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The score soundtrack was released on June 24, 2011, five days before the actual release of the film."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"As of February 26, 2012[update, it has sold 2,829,285 DVD units (equivalent of $48,058,979)."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Worldwide, it is the seventh highest-grossing film, the second highest-grossing 2011 film, the highest-grossing film of the Transformers series, the second highest-grossing film by Paramount (behind Titanic), the second highest-grossing threequel (behind Iron Man 3), and the highest-grossing Hasbro film as of 2013."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On Thursday, it earned $21.5 million, falling 43%, an improvement from its predecessor's Wednesday-to-Thursday decline."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Actor Shia LaBeouf said that Sam and Mikaela had become one character and, although he would miss Megan Fox, with this change you have discovery again from a new perspective."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Including some early Tuesday previews, it earned $36.6 million in one-and-a-half days, and by Thursday its overseas total reached $66 million."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film opened in 4,088 theaters including a then-record total of 2,789 3D locations."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay similarly recycled footage from his film Pearl Harbor in the 2007 film Transformers.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Nevertheless, Cedillo's family filed a lawsuit on October 5, citing seven counts of negligence against Paramount, and several other defendants (not including Bay), with total damages sought in excess of $350,000."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Due to a failed weld, a steel cable snapped from a car being towed and hit the extra's car, damaging her skull."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Originally, the fight between Sentinel Prime, Optimus Prime, and Megatron was considered to be on water in the Chicago River, but the budget was cut and the ILM realized that they would not want to present that version of the final battle to Bay, so they decided to have the battle take place on the bridge over the river."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Neil Schneider of Meant to be Seen, a website focused on stereoscopic 3-D gaming and entertainment, remarked that while Transformers: Dark of the Moon had the scrapings of a really good story, this 3-D movie was shot with a 2-D script."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Though it is slightly different from the film, the novel still pertains to the topic and synopsis of the film it is based on in the outcome of the final battle."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"After previewing a partial, unfinished cut of the film, Kofi Outlaw of Screen Rant declared that Bay had created the best 3-D experience since James Cameron's Avatar."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	CinemaScore polls reported that the average grade moviegoers gave the film was an A on an F to A+ scale.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Linkin Park performed a special outdoor concert in Red Square in Moscow on the same night in celebration of the event.	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On September 23, scenes were filmed at the former city hall in Detroit."	2	3	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The film topped the box office outside North America for two weekends in a row.	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It retained first place on its second weekend, dropping 52% to $47.1 million."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It made $5.5 million during Tuesday 9 p.m. showings, $8 million during midnight showings."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It grossed $33.0 million on Friday totaling $97.8 million.	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It set an IMAX worldwide opening-weekend record with $23.1 million (first surpassed by Deathly Hallows - Part 2).	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In China, its highest-grossing market after North America, the film set records for an opening day with $15.9 million, a single day with $17.4 million (overtaken by Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons) and an opening weekend with $46.8 million ($62.7 million with previews)."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It reached $400M (6 days), $500M (9 days), $600M (12 days) and $700M (16 days) in record time, but lost all records to Deathly Hallows – Part 2."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Dark of the Moon grossed US$1.12 billion worldwide, and is currently the seventh-highest-grossing film of all time, the second-highest-grossing film of 2011 (behind Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2), the highest-grossing film in the Transformers series, and the tenth film to gross over $1 billion."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Transformers: Dark of the Moon grossed $352,390,543 in North America, and $771,403,536 in other territories, for a worldwide total of $1,123,794,079."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Like the 2007 film, it was nominated for Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Visual Effects at the 84th Academy Awards."	3	1	1
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The filed complaint reads that Cedillo has endured and will in the future endure pain and suffering; has become disfigured and disabled; has suffered a loss of the enjoyment of a normal life; has been damaged in her capacity to earn a living; has incurred and will in the future incur expenses for medical services, all of which are permanent in nature."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Lou Lumenick of the New York Post wrote that her 'acting' makes...Megan Fox look like Meryl Streep in comparison.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"35mm cameras were also used for scenes where the 3-D cameras proved to be too heavy, or were subject to strobing or electrical damage from dust."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Farrar was always fascinated with the idea of shooting on location, and then blending the film with computer-generated imagery."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Metacritic, another review aggregator, gave the film a Metascore of 42/100, indicating mixed or average reviews from 37 critics."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	We just felt like we’d given it a lot and didn’t have an insight for where to go with it next.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"For said sequence, ILM relied on its internal proprietary physics simulation engine to depict the destruction of the building, which included breaking concrete floors and walls, windows, columns and pieces of office furnishings."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Both the novel and the graphic novel featured Skids and Mudflap as supporting characters, but the characters were missing from the junior novel."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The scenes set in Michigan Ave featured a substantial amount of pyrotechnics and stunt work.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	70% of its grosses came from 3-D (a higher 3-D share than Pirates 4 '​s 66%).	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The extra, identified as Gabriela Cedillo, had to undergo brain surgery."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The graphic novel made reference to several Autobots from the IDW Publishing tie-in comics who died in the stories between Revenge of the Fallen and Dark of the Moon.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The novel is a prequel to the 2007 film Transformers.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Other footage that needed to be converted into 3-D in post production was either entirely computer generated or shot in the anamorphic format on 35mm film.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"According to various published sources, Fox's absence from the film was due to Bay ultimately choosing not to renew her role in light of her comparing him and his work ethics to Adolf Hitler, although representatives for the actress said that it was her decision to leave the film franchise."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Jim Vejvoda of IGN gave the film a score of seven out of ten, also stating that it was the best of the franchise."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"ILM had been working on the pre-visualization for six months before principal photography started, resulting in 20 minutes worth of footage."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In May 2011, it was announced that Paramount would move Transformers: Dark of the Moon '​s release date of July 1 to June 29 in order to monitor an early response to footage."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Four ILM employees also travelled to Chicago and photographed buildings from top to bottom at six different times of the day in order to create a digital model of the city to be used in certain scenes.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Farrar embraced the detail in creating giant robots for 3-D, making sure that in close-ups of the Transformers' faces you see all the details in the nooks and crannies of these pieces."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In late September the production moved to Florida, just before the launch of Space Shuttle mission STS-133."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Filming in Detroit was planned to take place in August but the Chicago shoot was extended until September 1.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Similar to the previous two installments, the film was told in the human point-of-view to engage the audience."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Bay later revealed that Fox's comments particularly angered executive producer Steven Spielberg, which affected Bay's decision to remove her."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"ILM's crew designed many major action scenes, with many of the Chicago battle concepts coming from the helicopter shooting of the aerial plates."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	A few well-known actors such as John Malkovich and Frances McDormand also gained selected roles for the film.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Unicron is briefly shown in a secret Transformers 3 preview feature in the Revenge of the Fallen Blu-ray disc.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The second reference is when Sam meets his girlfriend, Carly Spencer at work, and is being introduced to Carly's employer, Dylan Gould, Sam marvels at their workplace: It's a beautiful building you guys have."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The pillars would be made of a similar material but made of rebar or other engineering components.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"First released on June 23, 2011, it is the third installment of the live-action Transformers film series."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Exclusive early premieres in select 3-D and IMAX theaters took place June 28, 2011, one night before worldwide release in 2-D and 3-D (including IMAX 3D) formats—each featuring Dolby Surround 7.1 sound."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Website Daily Bhaskar also praised the film, rating it three and a half out of five stars, citing it as an improvement on the previous film, and writing that it gives fans something to cheer about."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It is a sequel to 2009's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen taking place three years after that.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	A fifth film as of now titled Transformers 5 is scheduled for a summer 2016 release.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Filming was temporarily delayed on September 2, 2010, when an extra was seriously injured during a stunt in Hammond, Indiana."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In a more positive review, Steve Prokopy of Ain't It Cool News found the film to better than the first two."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Initially scheduled to be released on July 1, 2011, the release was brought forward to June 29, 2011."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Digital Domain also rendered 350 shots, including the characters Laserbeak, Brains, Wheelie and the Decepticon protoforms concealed on the moon, the space bridge, and a skydiving sequence."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay wanted Sam to have a girlfriend like in the first two films.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The PAL DVD and Blu-ray Discs of Transformers: Dark of the Moon was released on November 28, 2011."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The North American promotional costs came to approximately $75 million.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Kruger had frequent meetings with Industrial Light &amp; Magic's (ILM) visual effects producers, who suggested plot points such as the scenes in Chernobyl."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In North America, it sold 716,218 DVD units (equivalent of $13,565,169) in its first week, topping the weekly DVD chart."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The script was written by Ehren Kruger, who also collaborated on the narrative of the 2009 film."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	My Chemical Romance's song The Only Hope for Me Is You also appeared and can also be found on their fourth studio album Danger Days: The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys and on the soundtrack.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Principal photography commenced on May 18, 2010, with shooting locations including Chicago, Florida, and Moscow."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Another well-known actor, Ken Jeong, was cast as an eccentric co-worker and stalker."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay also decided to include Shockwave because he considers the character bad and He's got a much bigger gun [than Megatron and is a little bit more vicious.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The fourth Age of Extinction was released June 27, 2014."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Paramount admitted responsibility for the accident and covered all of Cedillo's medical costs.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The music video for Iridescent was directed by Joe Hahn.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"However, the Decepticons unveil a plan to use the technology to enslave humanity in order to restore Cybertron, the home planet of the Transformers."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The third reference is when Bumblebee says goodbye to Sam at Cape Canaveral: the words my friend are sampled from Spock in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan (You are...my friend.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The only hope of averting a crisis is to reawaken Sentinel Prime, the long-lost leader of the Autobots—but who knows what else remains in the shadows, hidden from man and machine?"	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	We'd look at how a building would blow apart and then choose the best tool to help achieve the properties of that during a simulation.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	James Berardinelli of ReelViews wrote that LaBeouf has sunk to greater levels of incompetence here.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"E! Online graded the film a B+ while noting if this film is truly the end of a trilogy, its main antagonists should have played more of a part."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Tirdad Derakhshani of The Philadelphia Inquirer stated that LaBeouf plays Witwicky as if he had a ferocious case of attention deficit disorder.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The story structure differs slightly, though, because the novel was written merely as prequel to the first film."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The first full theatrical trailer was released on April 28, 2011."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Baz Bamigboye of the Daily Mail titled his review of the film, 'Come back Megan Fox, all is forgiven...'."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Jason Solomons of The Observer wrote that we're first introduced to [Huntington-Whiteley via a close-up of her bum, segueing straight from the film's opening sequence and titles on to the pert buttocks and underwear of our heroine, and that her English posh girl accent renders her practically unintelligible when surrounded by American accents and falling masonry."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The very first clip was released on May 18.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Decades later, scientists are still struggling to understand the technology found on board—though with the treacherous Decepticons after it, a powerful force must be at stake."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Two further locations announced were the Milwaukee Art Museum and the former Tower Automotive complex on Milwaukee's north side, then under redevelopment for mixed use as well as the city's equipment yard."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On June 14, 2011, Activision published a video game based on Dark of the Moon for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii, Nintendo DS and Nintendo 3DS."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The scenes in Chicago were mostly shot on location, as Bay believed the plates had to really be shot in the actual city."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It was announced in November 2010 that unlike Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, no scenes in the film were shot with IMAX cameras."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"As with the previous Transformers installments, Industrial Light &amp; Magic (ILM) was the main visual effects company for Dark of the Moon."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Don Harris, general manager of distribution for Paramount, commented on the results of Dark of the Moon: If we hadn't chosen to debut the movie later in Japan and China, we probably would have had the all-time record."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Much of the criticism towards Rosie Huntington-Whiteley compared her in an unfavorable light to Megan Fox.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	and $37.7 million on its opening day (Wednesday) – including Tuesday showings.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"ILM had based most of Sentinel Prime's features on Sean Connery, and after Leonard Nimoy was cast to voice the role, the effects were altered to incorporate Nimoy's acting as well."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Transformers: Dark of the Moon's production cost was reported $195 million, with the cost of the 3-D filming accounting at $30 million of the budget."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The first six weeks were spent in Los Angeles: locations included Sherman Oaks, Fourth Avenue and 5. Main."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Bay was reluctant to film with 3-D cameras since in test he found them to be too cumbersome for his filming style, but he did not want to implement the technology in post production either since he was not pleased with the results."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It could be women's stockings or forks and knives dangling from a string out of focus – it doesn't matter, but it gives you depth, and focus depth, and makes it more interesting."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	A building that's 70 feet tall – to go in and hand-score the geometry so when it fractures or falls apart – would be a time consuming laborious process.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"After Revenge of the Fallen was almost universally panned by critics, Bay acknowledged the general flaws of the script, having blamed the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike prior to the film for many problems."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Ramón Rodríguez was initially planned to be in the film, in a role bigger than the one he had in Revenge of the Fallen, but he was dropped during early production."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The ample variety of filming formats used - single camera, 3-D stereo rigs with two cameras, anamorphic and spherical lenses - proved a challenge, specially as ILM had a deadline to deliver the 2-D plates to the companies responsible for the 3-D conversion."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave Transformers: Dark of the Moon a score of 36% based on 244 reviews and a rating average of 4.9/10, saying, Its special effects and 3-D shots are undeniably impressive, but they aren't enough to fill up its loud, bloated running time, or mask its thin, indifferent script."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Two other singles were released specifically for the soundtrack, Monster by Paramore and All That You Are by the Goo Goo Dolls."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Animator Scott Benza said Sentinel Prime had a face more human-like than any of the other robots, having a more complex frame and a greater number of plates so it could be more expressive."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The visual effects team used aerial plates of the city's actual buildings and added destruction elements such as smoke, fire, debris, fighter planes, war, battles, and torn up streets."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"ILM made 600 3-D shots, and Digital Domain had under 200, while Legend3-D, the lead 3-D conversion company of the film, completed 78 minutes of work on the film and finalized the work of approximately 40 minutes of challenging non-visual effects and 38 minutes of visual effects shots."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Revenge of the Fallen '​s co-writer Ehren Kruger became the sole screenwriter for Dark of the Moon.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Besides China, it broke the opening-day record in Russia and South Korea; the single-day record in Hong Kong; and the opening weekend record in South Korea, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, Singapore, the UAE, the Philippines and Peru (the last three records were surpassed by Marvel's The Avengers)."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"During Hasbro Investor Day, it was announced that the DVD and Blu-ray disc would be released in the fourth quarter of 2011."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The opening weekend record, when including previews, was surpassed by Titanic 3D ($74.2 million)."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Our thoughts, prayers and best wishes are with Gabriela, her family and loved ones."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	ILM digital production supervisor Nigel Sumner explained: We did a lot of tests early on to figure out how to break the building apart exploring a lot of the procedural options.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Critical reception of the film was mixed, with several critics calling it better than Revenge of the Fallen and praising the film's visuals, musical score, and 3-D action sequences, but criticizing its writing, acting, and length."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Malkovich explains: I play a guy called Bruce Brazos, who's just a loudmouth, kind of business man who's Shia's character's boss."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It consists of singles produced by different artists and bands, and rock and alternative tracks."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In Revenge of the Fallen, it took 72 hours per frame to fully render Devastator for the IMAX format, which is approximately a frame amount of 4,000."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"And Bay is showing us just what it felt like to deal with the ocean of Haterade—the snarking, the Razzie Award, the mean reviews—that Revenge of the Fallen unleashed."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Although a bit more score-heavy this time around, the soundtrack is certainly featured and we not only rejoin characters we have come to know, but some familiar artists who are back again as well."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Locations filmed in Chicago included LaSalle Street, Michigan Avenue, Bacino's of Lincoln Park at 2204 North Lincoln Avenue and around the Willis Tower."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Other planned filming locations included Africa and China.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Composer Steve Jablonsky, who had before collaborated with Bay on The Island and the first two Transformers films, returned to compose the Dark of the Moon score."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The NTSC home release for the film was released on September 30, 2011, with a Blu-ray 3D version of the film slated for release in the coming months."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It was available for download on Amazon on June 30, 2011, and the score currently features 17 pre-recorded tracks that are featured in the final film."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Megan Fox was originally attached to the film, and Patrick Dempsey's role as Dylan Gould was to be the employer of Fox's character, Mikaela Banes."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Cameron reportedly told Bay about 3-D, You gotta look at it as a toy, it's another fun tool to help get emotion and character and create an experience."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"ILM's visual effects supervisor, Scott Farrar, said that not only were the film's effects ambitious, they also had to be designed for 3-D, and explained the company's solutions for the new perspective: We did make sure things are as bright as possible; Michael called up theatre owners to make sure they keep the lamps bright in the theatres... make everything a little sharper, because we know that through the steps, no matter what, when you get to the final screening things tend to go less sharp."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay stated that he wanted Dark of the Moon '​s final battle to be more geographic and feature a small group of heroes like Ridley Scott's war-drama Black Hawk Down and Hasbro's G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"English model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley replaced Megan Fox as the lead female character; the cast also saw the additions of Patrick Dempsey, John Malkovich, Ken Jeong, and Frances McDormand."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Very, very enjoyable, just with Shia, Rosie a little bit, and with John Turturro."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Richard Roeper likewise panned the film, giving it a D and saying that rarely has a movie had less of a soul and less interesting characters."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film was rendered specifically for 3-D, and the visual effects involved more complex robots which took longer to render."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film zero stars, the same rating that he had given to Revenge of the Fallen, and stated the two actors couldn't be duller."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Another novel, written by Peter David, was published on May 24, 2011, and was released only paperback."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Since Bay shoots all his films in anamorphic format, Dark of the Moon '​s representation would be squeezed in to distort the image, and ILM would add in the robots and un-distort the image."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Unlike the two previous Transformers installments, which were based solely on the script writers' endemic story, Transformers: Dark of the Moon was based on a novel called Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday, written by Alan Dean Foster."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The production will continue to provide all the help we can to Gabriela and her family during this difficult time.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	However they were briefly seen in the N.E.S.T headquarters in their vehicle modes in the film.	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Ultimately, the producers decided to forgo a plot involving the planet-eating transformer, and no further comments were ever made on the subject."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"According to The A.V. Club, the film had several minor story inspirations from the 1980s cartoon The Transformers, including the usage of a Space Bridge, and the kicking the Autobots out."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Dark of the Moon also had numerous Star Trek references, partly because scriptwriter Ehren Kruger was a big Star Trek geek, but also as a nod to the fact that new character Sentinel Prime was voiced by Leonard Nimoy, who originated the iconic role of Spock on Star Trek and voiced Galvatron in The Transformers: The Movie."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The injury has left her permanently brain-damaged, paralyzed on her left side and her left eye stitched shut."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The film is also the first in the franchise without the involvement of DreamWorks, leaving the series to be produced solely by Paramount Pictures."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The most complicated effects involved the Driller, a giant snake-like creature with an eel-like body and spinning rotator blades, knives and teeth."	3	2	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It's not three multiple endings.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Still, that was not a thing where oh, I'm going to be a part of a blockbuster franchise like Transformers 3 or even now Hangover 2 for that matter."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In response to the suit, Paramount released the following statement: We are all terribly sorry that this accident occurred."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In October 2010, Entertainment Tonight previewed the behind-the-scenes filming in Chicago."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	This was also the last film in the series to involve the original human characters.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Jeong described the film, Yeah, it's a small role in Transformers but yeah."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"I'm sorry, Megan."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The area had been closed off by the Washington, D.C., police, and it is unclear why the SUV was there."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	One thing we're getting rid of is what I call the dorky comedy.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The song was not exclusively for the movie, and was featured in the credits."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The album for the film was released on June 14, 2011."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	I'm sorry that I'm making you show up on time.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The score's length is approximately 59:47.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"However, all these figures were lower than Revenge of the Fallen."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Like the Starship Enterprise in here.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	This was the sixth-best opening Wednesday.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	And she does it in kind of the wrong way.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay acknowledged that Revenge of the Fallen was disappointing to the fans and stated that he doesn't want the third one to suck.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Both drivers were uninjured, but the Camaro was severely damaged."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Many reviews praised the film's special effects and aggressive use of 3-D.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"This was the last film in the series to be owned by Takara Tomy, as Hasbro assumed ownership of the Transformers films in Japan."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	I'm sorry I made you work twelve hours.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	How does concrete fracture when it tears apart?	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"I wasn't hurt, Bay stated, because I know that's just Megan."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Its synopsis is:	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Several critics felt that Shia LaBeouf and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's performances were ineffective.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"It set records for the 3-day ($97.9 million) and 4-day ($115.9 million) Independence Day weekend, surpassing Spider-Man 2 '​s record in both cases ($88.2 million and $115.8 million respectively)."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A Walmart exclusive edition of Transformers: Dark of the Moon also was released on September 30, 2011."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It was amazing.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A 30 second television advertisement for the film aired during Super Bowl XLV on Fox on February 6, 2011."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"However, the first home release was criticized for the lack of bonus features."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	So I can't believe I'm a part of these franchises in any way.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Its 3D share accounted for 60% of its gross, which was atypical due to the downturn in 3D attendance in North America."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Electronic Arts released the game Transformers: Dark of the Moon on June 28, 2011 for Nokia Symbian smartphones, Apple products iPod Touch, iPhones, and iPad and Research In Motion's BlackBerry devices."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	And the fifth as of now titled Transformers 5 is scheduled for a summer 2016 release.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Who's just a jerk, and a kind of a loud one."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	All humankind was watching that day in 1969.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Though about 70 percent of the films live action footage was shot in 3-D using Arri Alexa and Sony F35 cameras, more than half of the film still had to be converted into 3-D in post production to fix technical flaws 3-D filming produces."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Shia LaBeouf stated that this would be his last film in the series, also concluding that director Michael Bay will not return for a fourth installment, though it was later confirmed that Bay would return as director in the fourth film."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Bay originally was not much interested in the format as he felt it did not fit his aggressive style of filmmaking, but he was convinced after talks with Avatar director James Cameron, who even offered the technical crew from that film."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Bay promised to not have the dorky comedy from the last film.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"In a hidden extra for the Blu-ray version of Revenge of the Fallen, Bay expressed his intention to make Transformers&#160;3 not necessarily larger than Revenge of the Fallen, but instead deeper into the mythology, to give it more character development, and to make it darker and more emotional."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The album was originally set for release in June 28, 2011, but Amazon.com"	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Dark of the Moon ended its run with $167.95 million, marking the highest-grossing film of 2011."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"So, for me, it was a blast."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"More than that, it was a comfortable experience and helped exemplify great use of stereoscopic 3-D with live action and digital characters."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Several critics also felt that Dark of the Moon failed to live up to the first Transformers film.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A fourth film, a sequel and a soft reboot, Transformers: Age of Extinction, directed last time by Bay, was released on June 27, 2014."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"The Blu-ray 3D release of the film was released on January 31, 2012."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Several other unreleased songs make their debut on the album, including The Pessimist by Stone Sour and The Bottom by Staind."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	I had an out of body experience working on that one because I just couldn't believe I was there.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Due to fan rumors that the Twins would actually be in the film, the director made a public $25,000 bet that the Twins would not be seen in Dark of the Moon."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"For the Driller, which required the entire render farm, it was up to 122 hours per frame."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"For good or ill, Bay is the soul of a new machine, the poet of post-human cinema, the CEO of Hollywood's military-entertainment complex."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The latter was taken from Avatar ($42.0 million).	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It's hard to call his posturing and screaming 'acting'.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Megan loves to get a response.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It's totally unlike a plain surface subject like a human head or an animated head.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A.O. Scott in The New York Times wrote: I can't decide if this movie is so spectacularly, breathtakingly dumb as to induce stupidity in anyone who watches, or so brutally brilliant that it disarms all reason."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The Black Veil Brides' song Set The World on Fire is also included.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Filming was scheduled to take place there after work was done in Chicago.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	A second clip was released the next day on May 19.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"With Fox not reprising her role, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley was chosen to play Sam's new love interest."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"He added, At a minimum, Transformers 3 demonstrates that fast cutting sequences are indeed possible and practical in stereoscopic 3-D."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	One day of shooting was also spent at the Angkor Wat temple complex in Cambodia.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	It's the one where Spock goes nuts.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	I am and always shall be yours.).	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"While filming in Washington, D.C., the crew shot on the National Mall, and Bay stated that there would be a car race on the location."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Cedillo's attorney, Todd Smith, said, This was an attractive 24-year old girl who had dreams and aspirations involving acting, and this kind of injury may well have a serious impact on her dreams."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Principal photography officially concluded on November 9, 2010."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The next four weeks were spent in Chicago.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	And yet only a handful knew the real mission behind America’s triumph in the space race: to explore the alien ship that has crashed on the far side of the moon.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"He'll say, ’Put some stuff hanging here!'"	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Roger Ebert gave the film one out of four stars, criticizing its visuals, plot, characters, and dialog."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	[The twins are basically gone.	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"On March 19, 2010, the script was said to be finished."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A two-minute teaser trailer was announced on November 27, and was posted to the Internet on December 9, 2010."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"Main articles: Transformers: Age of Extinction, and Transformers 5"	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	What's the difference?	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"After two films, his fidgeting isn't cute anymore."	4	1	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"That said, I think they still could have taken it much further."	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	The floor of a building may be made of concrete.	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Its foreign launch was 57% ahead of that of Revenge of the Fallen ($139.6 million).	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	listed the album as unavailable while the album was still being listed for release during the week of the film's global release.	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	"A second accident occurred on October 11, 2010, in Washington, D.C."	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Michael Bay is brilliant and it'll blow your mind.	5	0	0
Transformers Dark of the Moon	Movies are not always warm and fuzzy.	5	0	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"One of the most difficult effects in the film was Jessica's dress in the night club scene, because it had flashing sequins, an effect accomplished by filtering light through a plastic bag scratched with steel wool."	0	2	3
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The voice of Roger, Charles Fleischer, insisted on wearing a Roger Rabbit costume while on the set, in order to get into character."	0	4	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Many retailers said that within minutes of the Laserdisc debut, their entire inventory was sold out."	0	4	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Many of the live-action props held by cartoon characters were shot on set with either robotic arms holding the props or the props were manipulated by strings, similar to a marionette."	0	4	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Roger Rabbit was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture (Musical or Comedy), while Hoskins was also nominated for his performance."	1	2	2
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"There were originally seven weasels to mimic the dwarfs' complement, but eventually two of them, Slimey and Slezey, were written out of the script."	0	5	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The name of Doom's company, Cloverleaf Industries, is a reference to a common freeway-ramp configuration."	1	3	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Who Framed Roger Rabbit is considered by several film critics as one of the best films of 1988.	1	3	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"With the film's Laserdisc release, Variety first reported in March 1994 that observers uncovered several scenes of antics from the animators that supposedly featured brief nudity of the Jessica Rabbit character."	1	3	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Spielberg left the project when deciding he could not satirize Nazis after directing Schindler's List.	1	3	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Gary K. Wolf, author of the novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit?, filed a lawsuit in 2001 against The Walt Disney Company."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Robert Zemeckis offered his services as director in 1982, but Disney acknowledged that his previous films (I Wanna Hold Your Hand and Used Cars) were box office bombs, and thus let him go."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Disney executives were continuing to suggest Darrell Van Citters to direct the animated sequences, but Spielberg and Zemeckis didn't want too much of a Disney influence."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"It won Academy Awards for Best Sound Editing (Charles L. Campbell and Louis Edemann), Best Visual Effects and Best Film Editing."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The Cloverleaf streetcar subplot was inspired by Chinatown.	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Roger Rabbit won the Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Film, as well as Best Direction for Zemeckis and Special Visual Effects."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"There is also controversy over the scene where Daffy Duck and Donald Duck are playing a piano duel, and during his trademark ranting gibberish, it is claimed that Donald calls Daffy a goddamn stupid nigger; however, this is a misinterpretation, with the line from the script being doggone stubborn little--."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The film also inspired a short-lived comic book and video game spin-offs, including two PC games, the Japanese version of The Bugs Bunny Crazy Castle (which features Roger instead of Bugs), a 1989 game released on the Nintendo Entertainment System, and a 1991 game released on the Game Boy."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"When the budget reached $40 million, Disney president Michael Eisner seriously considered shutting down production, but Jeffrey Katzenberg talked him out of it."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Doom was supposed to have an animated vulture sit on his shoulder, but this was deleted due to the technical challenges this posed."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The entrance of Desilu Studios served as the fictional Maroon Cartoon Studio lot.	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Siskel also loved the film, and ranked it on #2 on the best films of 1988, while Ebert ranked it as #6 on a similar list."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	VistaVision cameras installed with motion control technology were used for the photography of the live-action scenes which would be composited with animation.	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The film also won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation and Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Movie.	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The animated footage was then sent to ILM for compositing, where technicians would animate three lighting layers (shadows, highlights and tone mattes) separately, in order to make the cartoon characters look three-dimensional and give the illusion of the characters being affected by the lighting on set."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"However, the producers did not have time to acquire the rights to use Popeye, Tom and Jerry, Little Lulu, Casper the Friendly Ghost or the Terrytoons for appearances from their respective owners (King Features, Turner, Western Publishing, Harvey Comics and Viacom)."	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Frank Sinatra performed Witchcraft for the animated Singing Sword (via a 1957 archival recording).	1	4	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"However, he retired from acting in 2012 after being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease a year earlier (and died from those complications in 2014)."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Before finally agreeing on Who Framed Roger Rabbit as the film's title, working titles included Murder in Toontown, Toons, Dead Toons Don't Pay Bills, The Toontown Trial, Trouble in Toontown, and Eddie Goes to Toontown."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Doom's five-man Weasel Gang (Stupid, Smart Ass, Greasy, Wheezy and Psycho) satirizes the Seven Dwarfs (Doc, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, Bashful, Sneezy and Dopey) who appeared in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937)."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Although they kept Roger's search for his mother, Stoner and Oliver replaced the WWII subplot with Roger’s inadvertent rise to stardom on Broadway and Hollywood."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"For inspiration, the two writers studied the work of Walt Disney and Warner Bros. Cartoons from the Golden Age of American animation, especially Tex Avery and Bob Clampett cartoons."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	This is an indirect historical reference to the dismantling of public transportation trolley lines by National City Lines during the 1930s in what is also known as the Great American streetcar scandal.	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Who Framed Roger Rabbit is the first animated/live action film to win four Academy Awards, and became the first animated film to win multiple Academy Awards since Mary Poppins in 1964."	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The film was nominated for four categories at the 42nd British Academy Film Awards and won an award for its visual effects.	2	2	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Price and Seaman were brought aboard to continue writing the script once Spielberg and Zemeckis were hired.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Walt Disney Studios chairman Jeffrey Katzenberg argued that the hybrid of live action and animation would save Disney's animation department.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"However, in 2010, Zemeckis said that the sequel will remain hand-drawn animated and live-action sequences will be filmed, just like in the original film, but the lighting effects on the cartoon characters and some of the props that the toons handle will be done digitally."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Roy E. Disney, head of Feature Animation along with studio chief Jeffrey Katzenberg, felt it was appropriate to release the film under their Touchstone Pictures banner instead of the traditional Walt Disney Pictures banner."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In February 2013, Gary K. Wolf, creator of Roger Rabbit, that he as well as Erik Von Wodtke were working on a development proposal for an animated Disney buddy comedy starring Mickey Mouse and Roger Rabbit called The Stooge, based on the 1952 film of the same name."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"A DVD version was first available on September 28, 1999."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The performances of the music themes written for Jessica Rabbit were entirely improvised by the LSO.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Doom also had a suitcase of 12 small animated kangaroos that act as a jury, by having their joeys pop out of their pouches, each with letters, which put together would spell YOU ARE GUILTY."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Who Framed Roger Rabbit opened on June 24, 1988, in America, grossing $11,226,239 in 1,045 theaters during its opening weekend, ranking first place in the domestic box office."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Despite the escalating budget (from the original $30 million to the final $70 million), Disney moved forward on production because they were enthusiastic to work with Spielberg."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Three theatrical animated shorts were also produced; Tummy Trouble played in front of Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Roller Coaster Rabbit was shown with Dick Tracy and Trail Mix-Up was included with A Far Off Place, all of which were Walt Disney's first theatrical shorts since Goofy's Freeway Troubles in 1965."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"On March 12, 2013, Who Framed Roger Rabbit was released by Touchstone Home Entertainment on Blu-ray Disc and DVD combo pack special edition for the film's 25th Anniversary."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	There was something very special about that time when animation was not as much in the forefront as it is now.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Wolf won the decision in 2005, receiving between $180,000 and $400,000 in damages."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Joel Silver makes a cameo appearance as Raoul St. Raoul, a director frustrated with Roger Rabbit's antics."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Production was moved from Los Angeles to Elstree Studios in England to accommodate Williams and his group of animators.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Apart from this agreement, Warner Bros. and the various other companies were not involved in the production of Roger Rabbit."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Zemeckis has revealed a 3D reissue could be possible.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"First, the animators and lay-out artists were given black and white printouts of the live action scenes (known as photo stats), and they placed their animation paper on top of them."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Disney was impressed and Alan Menken was hired to write five songs for the film and offered his services as executive producer.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, and Joanna Cassidy were nominated for their performances, while Alan Silvestri and the screenwriters received nominations."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Nat Mauldin wrote a prequel titled Roger Rabbit: The Toon Platoon, set in 1941."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Michael Eisner, then CEO, and Roy E. Disney, Vice Chairman of the Walt Disney Company, felt Who Framed Roger Rabbit was too risqué with sexual references."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"During the writing process, Price and Seaman were unsure of whom to include as the villain."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Mel Blanc voiced Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Tweety and Sylvester, while Joe Alaskey voiced Yosemite Sam and Foghorn Leghorn in place of the elderly Blanc (Who Framed Roger Rabbit was one of the final productions in which Blanc voiced the Looney Tunes characters before his death in 1989)."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Disney kept all merchandising rights.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The run was fueled by media reports about the controversy, including stories on CNN and various newspapers."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Disney's attorneys not only disputed the claim but said Wolf actually owed Disney $500,000–$1 million because of an accounting error discovered in preparing for the lawsuit."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Animation director Richard Williams admitted he was openly disdainful of the Disney bureaucracy and refused to work in Los Angeles.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Robert Zemeckis was hired to direct in 1985, based on the success of Romancing the Stone and Back to the Future."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The film's soundtrack was originally released by Buena Vista Records on June 22, 1988, and reissued by Walt Disney Records on CD on April 16, 2002."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Who Framed Roger Rabbit spurred a renewed interest in the Golden Age of American animation and spearheaded the modern era of American animation, especially the Disney Renaissance."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Terry Gilliam was offered the chance to direct, but he found the project too technically challenging."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The Roger Rabbit became a popular dance move in the early 1990s.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Animation legend Chuck Jones made a rather scathing attack on the film in his book Chuck Jones Conversations.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Roger Rabbit was finally green-lit when the budget decreased to $30 million, which at the time still made it the most expensive animated film ever green-lit."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Rubber mannequins of Roger Rabbit, Baby Herman and the Weasels would portray the animated characters during rehearsals in order to teach the actors where to look when acting with open air and imaginative cartoon characters."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	One of the themes in the film pertains to the dismantling of public transportation systems by private companies who would profit from an automobile transportation system and freeway infrastructure.	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman is based on Gary K. Wolf's 1981 novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit?, which depicts a world in which cartoon characters interact directly with human beings and animals."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Disney released the film through its Touchstone Pictures division on June 22, 1988 to financial success and largely positive reviews."	2	3	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The film was also the second highest grossing film of 1988, behind only Rain Man."	3	1	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Nominations included Best Art Direction (Elliot Scott, Peter Howitt), Best Cinematography and Best Sound (Robert Knudson, John Boyd, Don Digirolamo and Tony Dawe)."	3	1	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Doom was originally the hunter that killed Bambi's Mother, but Disney objected to the idea."	3	1	1
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Wolf claimed he was owed royalties based on the value of gross receipts and merchandising sales.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Supervising animators included Dale Baer, James Baxter, David Bowers, Andreas Deja, Chris Jenkins, Phil Nibbelink, Nik Ranieri, and Simon Wells."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"It began with Roger Rabbit's early years, living on a farm in the Midwestern United States."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Finally, the lighting effects were optically composited on to the cartoon characters, who were, in turn, composited into the live-action footage."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Marshall has confirmed that the film is a prequel, similar to earlier drafts, and that the writing was almost complete."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Amblin Entertainment, which consisted of Steven Spielberg, Frank Marshall and Kathleen Kennedy, were approached to produce Who Framed Roger Rabbit alongside Disney."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Desson Thomson of The Washington Post considered Roger Rabbit to be a definitive collaboration of pure talent.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In its January 2004 ruling, the California Court of Appeal disagreed, finding that expert testimony introduced by Wolf regarding the customary use of gross receipts in the entertainment business could support a broader reading of the term."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The production budget continued to escalate while the shooting schedule lapsed longer than expected.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The consensus reads: Who Framed Roger Rabbit is an innovative and entertaining film that features a groundbreaking mix of live action and animation, with a touching and original story to boot."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The animation production, headed by associate producer Don Hahn, was split between Richard Williams' London studio and a specialized unit in Los Angeles, set up by Walt Disney Feature Animation and supervised by Dale Baer."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In 2010, Bob Hoskins stated he was interested in the project, reprising his role as Eddie Valiant."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Who Framed Roger Rabbit was first released on VHS on October 12, 1989."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	A second test had the Toons completely converted to CGI; but this was dropped as the film's projected budget escalated well past $100 million.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The film was also digitally restored by Disney for its 25th Anniversary.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Who Framed Roger Rabbit stars Bob Hoskins as private detective Eddie Valiant, who investigates a murder involving the famous cartoon character, Roger Rabbit."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Eisner and Zemeckis disagreed over elements with the film, but since Zemeckis had final cut privilege, he refused to make alterations."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In 2002, the trial court in the case ruled that these only referred to actual cash receipts Disney collected and denied Wolf's claim."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"However, the scene was cut for pacing reasons and never made it past the storyboard stage."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Foray also voiced Lena Hyena, a hag Toon woman who resembles Jessica Rabbit and provides a comical role which shows her falling for Eddie and pursuing him."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Regular Zemeckis collaborator Alan Silvestri composed the film score, performed by the London Symphony Orchestra (LSO) under the direction of Silvestri."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"While filming, the production budget began to rapidly expand and the shooting schedule ran longer than expected."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Eric Goldberg was set to be the new animation director, and began to redesign Roger's new character appearance."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"During an interview at the premiere of Flight, Zemeckis stated that the sequel is still possible, despite Hoskins’ absence, and the script for the sequel was sent to Disney for approval from studio executives."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Further references included The Ink and Paint Club resembling the Harlem Cotton Club, while Zemeckis compared Judge Doom's invention of The Dip to eliminate all the Toons as Hitler's Final Solution."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"They wrote scripts that had either Jessica Rabbit or Baby Herman as the villain, but they made their final decision with newly created character Judge Doom."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In Wolf's novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit?, the Toons were comic strip characters rather than movie stars."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The film co-stars Charles Fleischer as the eponymous character's voice; Christopher Lloyd as Judge Doom, the villain; Kathleen Turner as the voice of Jessica Rabbit, Roger's cartoon wife; and Joanna Cassidy as Dolores, the detective's girlfriend."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The artists then drew the animated characters in relationship to the live action footage.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"We were never aware of it, it was just a stupid gimmick the animators pulled on us and we didn't notice it."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In 1991, Walt Disney Imagineering began to develop Mickey's Toontown for Disneyland, based on the Toontown that appeared in the film."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Once [NCL purchased a transit company, electric trolley service was immediately discontinued, the tracks quickly pulled up, the wires dismantled ... and General Motors buses replaced the trolleys."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a 1988 American live-action/animated fantasy-comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Janet Maslin of The New York Times commented that although this isn't the first time that cartoon characters have shared the screen with live actors, it's the first time they've done it on their own terms and make it look real."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Disney and Spielberg also told Williams that in return for doing Roger Rabbit, they would help distribute his uncompleted film The Thief and the Cobbler."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The success of Who Framed Roger Rabbit rekindled an interest in the Golden Age of American animation, and sparked the modern animation scene."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Canadian animator Richard Williams was hired to supervise the animation sequences.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Spielberg had no interest in the project because he was establishing DreamWorks, although Frank Marshall and Kathleen Kennedy decided to stay on as producers."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Walt Disney Productions purchased the film rights to Gary K. Wolf's novel Who Censored Roger Rabbit? shortly after its publication in 1981.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Post-production lasted for fourteen months.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Mauldin later re-titled the script Who Discovered Roger Rabbit.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Near the end of the film, Judge Doom reveals his plot to destroy Toon Town to make way for the new freeway system."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"After rough animation was complete, it would run through the normal process of traditional animation until the cels were shot on the rostrum camera with no background."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Similar to the previous film, Toon Platoon featured many cameo appearances by characters from the golden Age of American animation."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"While undetectable when played at the usual rate of 24 film frames per second, the Laserdisc player allowed the viewer to advance frame-by-frame to uncover these visuals."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"After their triumph, Roger and Ritchie are given a Hollywood Boulevard parade, and Roger is finally reunited with his mother, and father: Bugs Bunny."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Spielberg convinced Warner Bros., Fleischer Studios, King Features Syndicate, Felix the Cat Productions, Turner Entertainment, and Universal Pictures/Walter Lantz Productions to lend their characters to appear in the film with (in some cases) stipulations on how those characters were portrayed; for example, Disney's Donald Duck and Warner's Daffy Duck appear as equally-talented dueling pianists, and Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny also share a scene."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In March 2003, producer Don Hahn was doubtful over of a sequel being made, arguing that public tastes had changed since the 1990s with the rise of computer animation."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Because the film was made before computer animation and digital compositing were widely used, all the animation was done using cels and optical compositing."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman were hired to write the script, penning two drafts."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Spielberg's contract included an extensive amount of creative control and a large percentage of the box office profits.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The assertion that a conspiracy caused the demise of electric urban street railways was the subject of a session at the 1999 Annual Meeting of the Transportation Research Board entitled Who Framed Roger Rabbit: Conspiracy Theories and Transportation, which concluded that such systems met their demise for a number of other reasons (economic, cultural, societal, technological, legal) having nothing to do with a conspiracy, even though it was true that National City Lines, Inc. (NCL) was a front company—organized by General Motors' Alfred P. Sloan, Jr. in 1922, reorganized in 1936 into a holding company—for the express purpose of acquiring local transit systems throughout the United States."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Zemeckis had Walt Disney Pictures' enthusiastic backing, producer Steven Spielberg's pull, Warner Bros.'s blessing, Canadian animator Richard Williams' ink and paint, Mel Blanc's voice, Jeffrey Price's and Peter S. Seaman's witty, frenetic screenplay, George Lucas' Industrial Light &amp; Magic, and Bob Hoskins' comical performance as the burliest, shaggiest private eye."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"With the film's critical and financial success, Disney and Spielberg felt it was obviously time to plan a second installment."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"At the same time, people also need to develop a sense of humor with these things."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Test footage for Who Discovered Roger Rabbit was shot sometime in 1998 at the Disney animation unit in Lake Buena Vista, Florida; the results were an unwieldy mix of CGI, traditional animation and live-action that did not please Disney."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Ebert and his colleague Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune spent a considerable amount of time in the Siskel &amp; Ebert episode in which they reviewed the film analyzing the film's painstaking filmmaking.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Wayne Allwine voiced Mickey Mouse, Tony Pope voiced Goofy (also partially voiced by Bill Farmer) and The Big Bad Wolf, Russi Taylor voiced Minnie Mouse and some birds, Cherry Davis voiced Woody Woodpecker, Tony Anselmo voiced Donald Duck (with an archival recording of Clarence Nash, the original voice of Donald, used at the beginning of the scene), Frank Welker voiced Dumbo, Mae Questel reprised her role as Betty Boop, Pat Buttram, Jim Cummings &amp; Jim Gallant voiced Valiant's animated bullets, Les Perkins voiced Mr. Toad, Mary Radford voiced Hyacinth Hippo from Fantasia, Nancy Cartwright voiced the Dipped shoe, and Peter Westy voiced Pinocchio."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"While Roger and Ritchie are enlisting in the Army, Jessica is kidnapped and forced to make pro-Nazi Germany broadcasts."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Another frequently debated scene includes one where Baby Herman extends his middle finger as he passes under a woman's dress and re-emerges with drool on his lip.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"To accommodate him and his animators, production was moved to Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire, England."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Frame-by-frame digital restoration was done by Prasad Studios removed dirt, tears, scratches and other defects."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Between 1981 to 1983 Disney developed test footage with Darrell Van Citters as animation director, Paul Reubens voicing Roger Rabbit, Peter Renaday as Eddie Valiant, and Russi Taylor as Jessica Rabbit."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Filming began on December 2, 1986, and lasted for seven months at Elstree Studios, with an additional month in Los Angeles and at Industrial Light &amp; Magic (ILM) for blue screen effects of Toontown."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"At the time of release, Roger Rabbit was the twentieth highest-grossing film of all time."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Ron W. Miller, then president of The Walt Disney Company saw it as a perfect opportunity to produce a blockbuster."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Benny the Cab was first conceived to be a Volkswagen Beetle before being changed to a Taxicab.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Walt Disney Productions purchased the film rights to the story in 1981.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"As of November 2014[update, 60 reviews collected by review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes indicated 98% of reviewers enjoyed the film, earning an average score of 8.4/10."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"On March 25, 2003, Buena Vista Home Entertainment released it as a part of the Vista Series line in a two-disc collection with many extra features including a documentary, Behind the Ears: The True Story of Roger Rabbit; a deleted scene, the pig head sequence; the three Roger Rabbit shorts, Tummy Trouble, Roller Coaster Rabbit, and Trail Mix-Up; as well as a booklet and interactive games."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Ideas originally conceived for the story also included a sequence set at Marvin Acme's funeral, whose attendees included Eddie, Foghorn Leghorn, Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Tom and Jerry, Winnie the Pooh, Heckle and Jeckle, Chip n' Dale, Mighty Mouse, Superman, Popeye, Olive Oyl, Bluto, Clarabelle Cow, and The Seven Dwarfs in cameo appearances."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"With human Richie Davenport, Roger travels west to seek his mother, in the process meeting Jessica Krupnick (his future wife), a struggling Hollywood actress."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In movement, the Roger Rabbit dance is similar to the Running Man, but done by skipping backwards with arms performing a flapping gesture as if hooking one's thumbs on suspenders."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The proposed film is set to a prequel, taking place five years before Who Framed Roger Rabbit and part of the story is about how Roger met Jessica, his future wife."	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Richard Williams received a Special Achievement Award for animation direction and creation of the cartoon characters.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Corliss was mainly annoyed by the homages to the Golden Age of American animation.	3	2	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Eisner commissioned a rewrite in 1997 with Sherri Stoner and Deanna Oliver.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	This was also cut for budget and technical reasons.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	They eventually hired Richard Williams to direct the animation.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In a March 2005 hearing, Wolf estimated he was owed $7 million."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Animation director Richard Williams voiced Droopy.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Also in 2010, Don Hahn, who was the film's original associate producer, confirmed the sequel's development in an interview with Empire magazine."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The original budget was projected at $50 million, which Disney felt was too expensive."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The attraction also features a ride called Roger Rabbit's Car Toon Spin.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The project was revamped in 1985 by Michael Eisner, the then-new CEO of Disney."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The only short on the 2003 VHS release was Tummy Trouble.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In addition to Lander as Smart Ass and Fleischer as Greasy and Psycho, Fred Newman voiced Stupid and June Foray voiced Wheezy."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	It was named after the floppy movements of the Roger Rabbit cartoon character.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film four stars, predicting it would carry the type of word of mouth that money can't buy."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The work of American composer Carl Stalling heavily influenced Silvestri's work on Who Framed Roger Rabbit.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Zemeckis joked that the British [musicians could not keep up with Silvestri's jazz tempo.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Whether or not they were actually intended to depict the nudity of the character remains unknown.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Price and Seaman said that the Red Car plot, suburb expansion, urban and political corruption really did happen, Price stated."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Eisner felt it was best to cancel the film.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	The ruling vacated the trial court's order in favor of Disney and remanded the case for further proceedings.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Roger and Ritchie must save her by going into Nazi-occupied Europe accompanied by several other `toons in their Army platoon.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman wrote two drafts of the script before Disney brought in executive producer Steven Spielberg, with his Amblin Entertainment becoming the production company."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"In December 2007, Marshall admitted he was still open to the idea, and in April 2009, Zemeckis revealed he was still interested."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Conversely, Richard Corliss, writing for Time, gave a mixed review."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"The film went on to gross $156,452,370 in North America and $173,351,588 internationally, coming to a worldwide total of $329,803,958."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	This movie is not only great entertainment but a breakthrough in craftsmanship.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Metacritic calculated an average score of 83, based on 15 reviews."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	A Laserdisc edition was also released.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Wolf has stated the film is currently wending its way through Disney.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Among his complaints, Jones accused Robert Zemeckis of robbing Richard Williams of any creative input and ruining the piano duel that both he and Williams storyboarded."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"One of the songs, This Only Happens in the Movies, was recorded in 2008 on the debut album of Broadway actress Kerry Butler."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"I deny completely, but yeah... if you're a fan, pretty soon you're going to be very, very, very happy."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	A Disney executive responded to Variety that people need to get a life than to notice stuff like that.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"He stated, Yeah, I couldn't possibly comment."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"According to a 2009 MTV News story, Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman were writing a new script for the project, and the cartoon characters will be in traditional 2D, while the rest will be in motion capture."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Zemeckis was brought on to direct the film.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	Richard LeParmentier has a minor role as Lieutenant Santino.	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"Due to Zemeckis' dynamic camera moves, the animators had to confront the challenge of ensuring the characters were not slipping and slipping all over the place."	4	1	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"She shares her name with the character from Lil' Abner, but it's unclear if it's the same character Al Capp created."	5	0	0
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	"(Pure laziness on my part, he later admitted, I completely regret that decision.)"	5	0	0
